lenseven ratingone sooo frustrati/g,  i really dislike it!  :(

lentwenty ratingone cannot erase post if you make a mistake can't like post you have to keep pushing the like button

lenfive ratingone my posts never go thru.

leneight ratingone it always says it had a connection error.

lensix ratingone same with trying to view pics.

leneight ratingone looks like others are having the same problem.

lenseven ratingone so why hasn't it been fixed?

lenthree ratingone waste of space!

lenfour ratingone won't load pictures!

lenfour ratingone freezee and force closes!

leneight ratingone also wont let me delete my own comments

lenfive ratingone this app really stinks now.

lenthree ratingone please fix it.

leneleven ratingone my pictures and updates won't show up on my timeline!

lenfive ratingtwo doesn't let me post!

lenfive ratingtwo only one i can download?

lenfive ratingfour cool and best after upgrade.

lenfour ratingthree i have a nexus 4.

leneleven ratingthree how can i sync facebook profile pics to my contacts list?

leneight ratingtwo need confirm yes no query when exiting app.

lensix ratingtwo keep pressing back key by mistake.

lensixteen ratingtwo cant select and copy text  cant save images easily like ios by long pressing on image

lennineteen ratingtwo its good app, but please make it to move to sd card as it consumes 30mb space on my phone.

lennine ratingone this app is so god awful, it offends me.

lensixteen ratingone facebooks has millions of dollars and your developers cant even release a half way decent app.

lensix ratingone now the app wont even load.

lenten ratingone get it together facebook, stop treating your members like crap!

lennineteen ratingone mu  i can't mention people i'm disappointed much bettet if i don't update it really sich

lenfive ratingone needs to be badly upgraded.

lentwentytwo ratingone photos rarely open, have to close the app to refresh it and even then most of the time it won't work.

lenfive ratingone needs a lot of work.

lensix ratingone just sucks in so many ways

lenthree ratingone its super slow!

lenseven ratingone never tells me when i have notifications.

lenfourteen ratingone it is so frustrating it has almost managed to put me off facebook altogether!

lenten ratingfive the app is geat but takes for ever to download

lenfourteen ratingone every time it updates it gets shitier and shitier now it just keeps crashing

lenseventeen ratingthree y is it that on iphone, users can save photos but from android phones it is impossible?

lenthirtyseven ratingthree even on another chat app, wechat, on their social media page, we can just tap and hold on the picture and the option of saving the photo pops up, just like how it is on ios is.

lenfive ratingthree please check and update soonest!

lensix ratingone network error, network error, network error.

lensix ratingone that's all i get now!

lenfour ratingone i can access anything.

lenthree ratingone please fix it.

lensix ratingone not my network or my android.

lenthree ratingone everything works perfect.

lenthree ratingtwo help needs fixed

lentwentyfour ratingone all i use facebook for anymore us keeping in touch with family, and i can't do that at all with this garbage app.

lenthirtysix ratingthree great app its just when i update a status its say via mobile instead of what city i'm in i would love my friends to know i'm in their town so please change that

leneleven ratingone this is by far the worst upgrade i have ever had.

lenfive ratingone think there is a problem?

lentwentyone ratingthree not bad, but am i missing the trick as to how i have the news feed in order of it happening?

lenfourteen ratingthree pls pls pls sort this out, it would hugely imprive things in my opinion!

lenthirteen ratingthree if you know how to do it for the app pls post something

lenten ratingtwo i just unistall and install to work properlyy is sucks!

lentwo ratingtwo htc thunderbolt 2.3

lentwo ratingfive pivot zotamou

lenseventeen ratingtwo ill give it two stars just because i have too keep unistalling it because it keeps crashing;(!

lenten ratingtwo cannot change cover photo or delete/edit own comments anymore.

leneighteen ratingtwo very poor and so sick of the stupid frickin updates to fix one thing and feck up another!

lenseven ratingtwo keeps on freezing once and a while

lenthree ratingone it deserves 1 star (;

lenfour ratingtwo like really, really slow.

lenthirtyfive ratingone for example anyone running 4.1+ is in one group so a fb app just for that would address and fix issues for phones such as my note2 without compromising the functionality of phones with older android os

lentwentytwo ratingthree now all it needs is the abilities to share status', share to other people's walls and pages, and copy/paste function.

lenfourteen ratingthree i cant share to my own group, or anywhere but my own wall.ugh

leneleven ratingone show photo album name photo was uploaded to on facebook page

lenfive ratingone doesn't even work anymore.

lenten ratingone slow, crashes, easier to access facebook from my mobile browser.

lenthree ratingfive nice one 2 use

lensix ratingone facebook will not refresh my newsfeed.

lenfifteen ratingone i will manually refresh and it gets stuck on loading and will not display anything.

lenseven ratingone it freezes and crashes when browsing pics.

lentwelve ratingone also, this version will not let me delete a post or comment.

lensixteen ratingone i have to open it in a browser and go to full site to do that.

lensix ratingone needs a new update or something.

leneight ratingone its so slow and freezes all the time

lenthree ratingone its become unusable.

lentwo ratingone stupid facebook.

lennine ratingone my data connection is good with every other function.

lenfour ratingone fix this app please!

lenthirteen ratingthree it wont show my location when i post an update or upload picture.

lentwentyfour ratingthree it shows my location when i type but it disappeares once the update is posted and it just says 'via mobile'  please fix this.

lensix ratingtwo could use a lot of improving /:

lenfive ratingtwo always freezing up and foreclosing!

leneleven ratingone just downgraded to 1 star, wish there was a no star rating.

lenthirteen ratingone so many awful reviews from android users & still no reverse or new updates.

leneighteen ratingone first review was: another bugged app update that now won't load up comments or user home pages.

lenthree ratingone "network connection error".

lentwentyone ratingone for such a huge corporation you get no points for rolling out dysfunctional software and should be ashamed of your app.

lenfifteen ratingone never in my years of using facebook have i ever hsd so many network errors!

lenfive ratingone horrible and entirely to slow.

lentwo ratingfive great app

lensix ratingthree needs to speed up always  freezes

lenfour ratingthree seems to always freeze

lensix ratingfive use it , what else is ther ?

lentwelve ratingone unlike the previous version i lose text before i could post it.

lentwenty ratingone if you just happened to move your finger a touch any area outside of the comment box your text disappears.

lenseven ratingone the older version this didn't happen.

lentwo ratingfour awsme update

lenseventeen ratingthree keeps saying network error and, no network connection but i'm on wifi and my carrier network

leneight ratingone jesus updated and now i can't login

lentwo ratingone juz stupid

lentwo ratingfive good  update

leneleven ratingthree back button doesn't work when viewing images after last update

lentwo ratingfive nice application

leneight ratingthree this don't even let me log in.

lensix ratingthree it went from good to bad.

lenfour ratingthree it crashes every  second.

lentwo ratingthree fix please!

lenthirteen ratingthree force closes a lot doesnt have to delete comment pics sometimes take forever.

lenfive ratingfive superb app its very usefull.

leneight ratingone i cant even post statuses on here horrible

lenthirteen ratingone n the worse thing is ppl u dont like trys n adds u.

lenseven ratingone crashing all the time while viewing albums.

lentwo ratingone ok, seriously?

lennine ratingone instrad of adding new things, fix the old ones!

lentwo ratingone "network error"

lensix ratingone occurs a lot, pictures load slowly.

lenten ratingone most not at all, news feed doesnt show posts chronologically.

lenfourteen ratingone despite selected view, you can no longer acces links posted by friends & like pages.

lentwentyeight ratingone i would also like the option to edit my comments like the desktop version & be able to view archived messages within in the app,not the mobile site.

lentwentytwo ratingone also, please make it so i can move at least half of the app to the sd card, takes of major space!

leneighteen ratingone when commenting on a status or link if you touch your phone wrong it erases your entire comment.

lenfourteen ratingone when i type a status and click on post it dosent pist at all.

lenfour ratingone that is very aggravating.

lenseven ratingone i upload pictures and they dont post.

leneight ratingone fix these problems it shouldnt be that difficult.

lenfour ratingone this app is horrible.

lennine ratingone i'm constantly having to update my news feed.

lenfive ratingone my notifications show up late.

leneleven ratingone any pictures posted aren't available for viewing half the time.

leneleven ratingone and it's constantly telling me that fb has quit "responding".

leneleven ratingthree better than previous versions, but still have to select "most recent"

lensix ratingthree every time i open the app.

lensix ratingthree please just show things in order!

lennine ratingfour there's a lot of things that needs improvement.

lenthirteen ratingfour one of them is that you can't even change your profile picture.

lensixteen ratingfour you should also have the option for being able to post pictures and videos on groups.

leneight ratingfour make this all work and you have 5 stars.

lentwelve ratingtwo how do you delete comments and unfollow posts in the new update?

lennineteen ratingtwo also it often takes ages to load photographs and the app says there is no connection when there is :(

lenfour ratingone sloppy and slow fix

lenthirtythree ratingone i had no problem wit updating my status to say near this city or near that city on my iphone 4s now i go back to android i have that problem fix it please

lentwentysix ratingthree it have it's hiccups from time to time but what i really don't like about this app is the amount of memory it use.

lenfourteen ratingthree if i could move it to my sd card i would rate it 5 stars.

lenfiftytwo ratingone not liking the new camera app, all they need to do is change the icon or the name, as i can see some people uploading not for public pics esp if they've had a bit to drink, why call it camera and make the icon look like a default camera app?

lenfive ratingtwo this app is really good

leneleven ratingone force close everytime when i try to open page of group.

lentwentyfive ratingthree i like the new fb, but im a little upset, because it takes for ever to load n refresh any page i am lookin at.

lenthree ratingone it never works!

lennine ratingthree none of the pics show in the news feed.

leneight ratingfour fix this please .i hate this new update

lenthirteen ratingthree but, likes and comments aren't updating until you click on each post.

lentwo ratingone just bad.

lenfive ratingone loads forever and does nothing.

lentwo ratingtwo thanks fb

lenfour ratingtwo can't delete comments!

lenten ratingone keeps on force closing every 5 seconds , need to stop this

lenfour ratingfive htc explorer good app

lenthree ratingfive teri maa ki

leneight ratingfour please make it a bit qiucker and better

lenfive ratingtwo do'nt download this version.

lenfour ratingtwo it is very slow .

lenthree ratingtwo keeps on crashing.

lenthree ratingone slow and unresponsive.

lenfive ratingone take notes from twitters app.

lensix ratingone it works well this is terrible.

lenfour ratingone need a fix soon!

leneight ratingone since the update i cant even open facebook.

leneleven ratingone it constantly freezes my phone and have to force close constantly.

lenfifteen ratingone half the time pics wont load on posts and no pics load period for profiles.

lenthree ratingone cant stand it.

lentwelve ratingone constantly get network error message when try to do anything with fb.

lentwo ratingfive facebook ruled

lenthree ratingfive very good app

lenfourteen ratingone i cannot or delete the unliked comments on my posts, this is a hassle!

lensix ratingone where the f*** is this option!

lensix ratingone the app is glitchy at best.

leneighteen ratingone it freezes for long periods when i try to look at friend pages if it responds at all.

lenseventeen ratingone often it goes to a black screen freezing my while phone until the app finally shuts down.

lentwentyeight ratingone also i am getting notifications for comments but when i go to the page to see the comment the latest comments mentioned in my notification won't load.

lentwentysix ratingone if i want to see them i have to go online and if i'm doing that all the time why should i use the app.

leneight ratingone seems to work better using mobile data 4g or 3g.

lenfour ratingone has issues on wifi?

lennine ratingone keep getting network error when trying to load newsfeed.

lentwo ratingtwo nothing loads.

lenfifteen ratingtwo always have to close out and re open the app in order to load timeline.

lenfour ratingfour bla bla fix it

lentwentythree ratingtwo i think i just did this yesterday but why not again today you already know what the bugs are and still nothing pos

lentwentyseven ratingtwo i thought at first it was impressive but when i updated my fb it keeps closing unexpectedly, and it takes forever to receive and send a message.

lenfourteen ratingthree happens using the fb app as well as accessing via mobile browser on phone.

lenfour ratingthree anyone else experiencing this?

lenthree ratingfive i am ok

lenseven ratingtwo this take so many time to logout

lenfour ratingfour i m lake this

lenfour ratingthree this needs some fixing!

lenthree ratingthree it stops unexpectedly.

lensix ratingthree and makes my phone turn off .

lenthree ratingthree fix fix fix!

lensixteen ratingtwo it says 13mb but when i install this app it consumed 30mb space so 2 star for this app .

lensix ratingone tamil fonts are not displayed properly.

lenfourteen ratingtwo this app won't let me update my status, share pictures, or check in.

leneighteen ratingtwo then if i click on a picture it takes me back to the top of my news feeds :(

lentwenty ratingone after the last two update, it won't let me update my status or post anything other than upload pictures.

lenthree ratingone motorola droid razr.

lenthirtythree ratingtwo can't zoom in on pictures it jumps back to original size, can't delete you own posts in the news feed only when you go back to your own wall please fix

lentwentytwo ratingone i've never had a problem wit this app,,,but today my notifications are not showing rite,,,ur not seeing others comments

lennine ratingthree the last version was perfect this one is cluttered!



lenfourteen ratingfour The only thing that would make this app perfect is to add video chat.

lenthirteen ratingone I had this version on my galaxy note and it wouldn't update.

lentwentyone ratingone Slow load time (refreshing the newsfeed is agonising) and can't view photos over 3g network. Same issues if using wi-fi.

lennineteen ratingthree Why cant i delete or edit my comments on another persons post i thougjt you guys fixed that already.

lentwelve ratingtwo Works well on mobile data but often hangs when refreshing on WiFi.

lentwenty ratingone Now it won't load my news feed about half the time, and forget about opening posts to see comments.

lentwenty ratingthree it's telling me my password is incorrect I cannot log on help me open facebook my password is correct

lensix ratingone Wont let me post status updates.

lennine ratingone The "network error" issues are causing too much hassle.

lensixteen ratingone It won't load my news feed, freezes,and sometimes won't let me log in

lenthirtytwo ratingone Force closing because it freezes so often and I go to open a picture and it seems to freeze and I have to beck out multiple times or re-start the app.

lenseven ratingfour It closes down from time to time

lennine ratingtwo Grrrr this new update is always saying network down.

lenfourteen ratingtwo photos dont show on timeline and take ages to load when you click them :(

lentwelve ratingtwo Why is it impossible to click the post updates directly from notification?

lentwelve ratingtwo And can't read comments when clicking to see them in post?

lenseventeen ratingone You hit like button and don't do nothing half the time then you got to reload .

leneleven ratingone Doesn't load sometimes and I can't see multiple photos.

lennineteen ratingone The first will load but I can't scroll through, which was my main use on the comedy pages.

lenfifteen ratingone Won't let me update my status or set my news feed on most recent!

lenthirtynine ratingtwo I have a Galaxy Note 2 and all the time it won't even let me see pictures I click on, I sit and wait sometimes just to see how long it'll take, but it just never shows up.

lenfive ratingtwo Sometimes it even force closes.

lenthirtyfour ratingtwo I feel like way earlier versions were so much better, now the designers are so busy trying to make it twitter that they're losing focus on simple tasks like loading a friggin picture?

lentwentythree ratingone Not only does it not show me peoples status' in order, but it won't let me check in OR update my status.

leneleven ratingone The newsfeed is set to'most recent' but is definitely random.

lenfour ratingone load like no tomorrow

lenthirtythree ratingone It sucks having problems up loading, cant comment, now you cant delete your coment and they took off editing stupid im over fb the need more activities and creativity for profiles its boring!!

leneighteen ratingone The only thing i can see is status updates and sometimes that takes a while to see those.

lentwentyone ratingone Pictures don't load, I can't comment on stuff without having to wait 5 minutes, nor can I delete my comments.

lenthirteen ratingone Worst update ever, never loads pictures and won't upload your pictures either.

lentwentythree ratingone Every time I "like" anything, it automatically reloads the page, and it never actually "likes" any updates, even if I try multiple times.

lenten ratingthree It's getting slow so a little bit faster please?

lenfifteen ratingone Not only was the last one bad, but it creates useless data on my phone.

lentwo ratingone Loading forever...

lentwenty ratingtwo At first I thought I had a slow 3g connection or WiFi was down but it works fine in my browser!

lenthirtyone ratingone Then it reads "network error" but it's funny how every other app that i use on the same exact (and all for that matter) network seem to do just fine.

lensixteen ratingthree The photos take ages to appear though and I wish it took up less storage space.

lensix ratingone Throwing Java.net.SSL.sslprotocol exception.

lenten ratingone Always has network problem doesn't load , not so good.

lenseventeen ratingone The latest version of facebook does not update notifications, likes or comments until you check them manually.

lenfifteen ratingone Worked perfectly until the most recent update, now won't update via 3G, only via wifi.

lenten ratingone Photos are fine, comments most of the time, status...nope.

lentwelve ratingfour With the new update now I can't see updates in Timescape....

leneight ratingone Facebook app does not load on my phone.

lentwenty ratingthree Need feed is still messed up shows me post from a few days ago even under "recent" fix these and 5*

lenten ratingfour Olease only check in camera folder, not the whole storage.

lentwelve ratingfour Now it can be slow but only when I get horrible service.

leneleven ratingtwo It doesn't let me watch videos and two many updates

lentwenty ratingone I can t download it I really c don't know why but I cant update t this mf app

lenfive ratingone Never stays on most recent.

lentwenty ratingone We should have the option to not have it looking for GPS the whole time we're using the app.

lenten ratingone It doesnt even update ln the Samsung Galaxy S Epic 4G.

leneleven ratingone App was just slow but overall okay until the past month.

lentwentyone ratingone The only thing that works is logging out and logging back in again, which I now do about 3 times per day.

lenfourteen ratingone I have to click most recent every time I log in to fix it.

lenfour ratingone Doesn't update correctly.

leneleven ratingone Always dc, takes forever to load, Network Error all the time!

lentwentyeight ratingtwo I will spend the time typing a long message and when I send I now get a error saying cannot post comment and everything I typed is gone.

lentwentytwo ratingtwo Now, my "likes" will disappear, pictures won't load, the app keeps forcing close on me, and comments sometimes don't show.

lenseven ratingtwo Contact sync doesn't seem to work..

lenfive ratingone Pictures take FOREVER to load.

lenten ratingone (Most of the time they don't load at all.)

lenten ratingone I cant even update my cover photo and upload pictures!

lenfifteen ratingthree On my android this app will not show the pics and takes forever to connect...

lenfive ratingone Takes hours to load pictures.

lentwelve ratingthree CONSUMES lot of data..loads the photo again when clicked for fullscreen.

lensix ratingone Won't let me update wallpaper.

lenthree ratingone Slow and irritating..

leneleven ratingone Cannot see photos whilescrolling down TL also, cannot EDIT comments anymore..

lenthirtytwo ratingone This app is prob one of the most used ones out there, you would think it would be the best, not the one that crashes my phone every time I use it...

lenfour ratingfour Just like a turtle!!!!!!

lenfive ratingthree I cannot post my status...

lenten ratingone i can t back button when i see a photo

lentwentytwo ratingtwo The only problem I'm having is since the new update it no longer shows my location in any of my statuses;

lennineteen ratingone I updated facebook and it worked for alittle but now it won't load my notification our new updates......

lenfour ratingone Slower with every update!

lenfour ratingone BACK BUTTON BROKEN NOW!

lenthree ratingone HAS FREAKING ADS!!!!

lenthirtyseven ratingone Contacts don't sync, likes don't notify, takes days to view A picture, GPS turns on when I have location OFF,  all notifications are late, no LIKE notifications ect, ect, ect, ect, NOW HAS FREAKING ADS!

lenfour ratingone Package file is invalid

lennine ratingtwo Can not view photo galleries well except my own.

lensix ratingtwo Home image doesn't work either.

lentwentythree ratingfour You need to change this app so it can be moved to the sd card as it takes up to much phone memory.

leneleven ratingone Haven't even been able to log in, not even once.

lentwelve ratingone My newsfeed will not load up, could you please fix this problem?

lenfive ratingthree Its ok but its slow.

lenten ratingfour Images load incredibly slow or not at all moto razr

lenfive ratingone Facebook is using 50 megs internally.

lentwelve ratingone Some phones have most of there user memory in the SD card.

lennine ratingone Now even worst it doesn't give any notification

lentwelve ratingone reminds me of dial up internet that's how slow it works

lenseven ratingfour Please give the option to unfollow posts

lenfourteen ratingthree I can't view my timeline, and the pictures doesn't fit on screen..

lenten ratingthree Still can't view my profile on a timeline format..

leneleven ratingtwo My notifications don't work, can't remove status or comments.

lenfourteen ratingone IT FORCE CLOSES AS SOON AS I TRY TO OPEN IT EVERY SINGLE TIME!

lentwentyone ratingone I'VE HAD TO UNINSTALL THE UPDATES TO EVEN LOG INTO FB AND AM LIMITED TO MY OPTIONS BECAUSE OF THAT!!!!

lensix ratingone very slow on dual core processor..

lenfourteen ratingone This app is unusably slow when it opens, which is only 10% of the tine.

lentwentyone ratingtwo All I want is to be able to move this app to my sd card and it won't let me.

leneight ratingtwo Getting that "internal storage space too low" message.

lenseven ratingone Won't load data, Contact syncing broken.

lentwentythree ratingone Despite selecting "only sync info about existing contacts" it just goes right ahead and populates my phone contacts with all my facebook friends.

lenfourteen ratingone It was talking forever to load my page and now its not even working.

lenfifteen ratingone I try to go on the app and all I get is a black screen....

lentwentynine ratingthree I love Facebook, but it takes up way too much space on my phone, it really needs to be made so it can be moved to the SD card!

leneight ratingone Always freezes and have uninstall and then reinstall.

lensixteen ratingone This was so good at one  point then it just stopped working all of the sudden.

lenfive ratingone Still can't edit posts!

lenten ratingone Needs different skin choices, like black background to save battery!

leneleven ratingone won't load at all for the past 2 weeks on ascend.

lenfortytwo ratingone I Love my facebook but it don't stay on once logged in then my screen goes black and it logs out when you're writing in things it will kick you out! and then it erase's everything you're doing..

lenfifteen ratingthree I love the app but it keeps freezing so I am going to uninstall it

lenfourteen ratingone Repeatedly crashes it also freezes my entire phone and makes it run extremely slow.

lenfour ratingthree Laggy stops annoying app

lenfour ratingone Trouble updating news feed.

lenfive ratingthree so good but sometime FC

leneight ratingone But why can't I delete comments anymore?

lenten ratingthree One click image is cool but having lot of delay....

leneleven ratingtwo It is crazy slow and that's if it even works!

leneighteen ratingone The app stoped working and every time i open it , it crash and i force it to close .

lenseven ratingtwo Photos no longer show in News Feed.

lenfifteen ratingtwo Also sometimes when I try to click on a pic, the screen goes black & fc...

lennineteen ratingtwo I have to change my rating since I'm having problems with it force closing all the time now!

lenfourteen ratingone I can't get it to update and only get half of my notifications.

lenten ratingone Plus, I get a "Lost Connection"notice even on wifi.

lentwentyfive ratingthree This morning none of my posts have appeared on my wall or in the news stream, although likes and comments made on others' post have.

lenten ratingfour This app worth 4 starz cuz theres a little Force close?

leneighteen ratingone After Facebook was reloaded after a system reset on my phone it hasn't let me post status'.

lennine ratingone It has also crashed a few times as well.

lenfifteen ratingone Plus it will take a few seconds to load new information on my news fees.

lentwentysix ratingthree Edit it please i cant change my cover photo through mobile please change it as soon as possible im sure people need this to get fix .

lensix ratingthree Keep getting a no responding message..

lennine ratingthree have to force close every time iam on it...

lensix ratingone Cannot send pics into albumss suxxx!!!!!!

lenthirteen ratingone One beef with it is it takes forever to refresh the news feed.

lenthirteen ratingone Too many times i go to post something and it doesnt go through.

lenthirteen ratingone I have to force quit the app to get my feed to refresh.

lenfourteen ratingone Notifications for people don't work either. I never get notified when they post.

lenfive ratingthree Still can't save pictures

leneight ratingthree Better but won't log in and crashes

lensix ratingtwo Can not move to sd card.

lensix ratingfour Seems to load content more reliably.

lenfive ratingthree It keeps saying network error...

leneight ratingone This app is constantly freezing stopping and erroring

leneleven ratingtwo Pics don't load and kicks me off please fix asap

lentwentyfour ratingfour It often says that I don't have a wireless connection when I know I do and the pictures take a while to load.

lenfifteen ratingone my phone won't load I keep getting poor connection and forecloses all the time!!

lentwelve ratingthree Deleting comments is virtually impossible, and quite annoying, everything else is great

lensix ratingone fb app is 14 mb of crap!

lenseven ratingtwo no force closing but still slow sometimes.

lentwentythree ratingtwo plus I can't delete people comments on my own status, even though I was able to when the app was even worse...

lennineteen ratingone Pics will not load, everything is slower, and having a hard time getting my most recent to come up.

lentwelve ratingone I downloaded yesterday and have had a force close several times already.

lenfour ratingone Status updates not working.

lennine ratingone It wont let me open pintrest or anything else.

lenthirteen ratingone Every time i update facebook it works for a day then force closes.

leneighteen ratingfour In this case now i have no option to edit my Cover photo like I used to be!

lenseven ratingtwo Where can I update my cover pic?

lenseventeen ratingone new updates always having network error even though my phone is connected thru network data and wifi.

lenthree ratingtwo No preview pictures.

lenseven ratingone I can't change the cover picture.

lenfourteen ratingone People comment bad things on my picture and I can't delete it anymore.

lentwentyone ratingtwo This used to be a good app but with this new update it always says network error everytime i use it.

lentwentynine ratingone Ever since i did the update i constantly have to go into my task manager and shut it off and then turn it back in because it locks up.

lennine ratingone Constantly get a force close screen that pops up.

lenfourteen ratingone I can't update my state or wite a post to a friend wall . . .

lenten ratingone I am unable to update any status through your appliation....

lensixteen ratingone It will load only if you clear the ram first or force stop it in settings.

lenseven ratingone Dont let me change my cover photo!

lenseven ratingone And There Isn't Any Poke Button-__-!!!!

lenten ratingone The city doesn't show up when I post something.

lensixteen ratingone I have a DROIDX 2 and the app still force closes when trying to upload pictures too

lenten ratingone Force closes and im not aleays able to view photos.

lentwo ratingone Constantly loading...

lennineteen ratingone I have to force stop to get it to update even though I have full signal and on wifi.

lentwenty ratingtwo I can't change my background picture cuz I don't have that little camera in the corner like before.

leneight ratingone keep network error even my network is good ....

leneighteen ratingtwo This is very critical app, gives trouble in delete the accounts, n many other probs i hd faced..

lentwelve ratingtwo I am getting a lot of "Network Error" (or something similar) messages.

lenthirteen ratingtwo It seems to have issues with leaving the app and returning to it.

lentwentytwo ratingtwo Also, as some else stated, it's too easy to accidentally lose everything you've written if you tap the wrong area.

lenthree ratingone Constant "Network Error".

lenfour ratingone Freezes up A LOT!!!!

leneleven ratingone Cant get n e pics to load .. Profile pics and ALL!

lentwelve ratingtwo Statuses are not being posted, been like the for a while now!!

lentwelve ratingone What's with not being able to delete posts from this app?

lentwentyone ratingone Why do I have what I posted on my new feed from 3 days ago at the top of my news feed?

lensix ratingone Also your chat thing sucks too.

leneight ratingone Can't update photos, not uploading my status.

lenfour ratingtwo This app keeps freezing.

lentwelve ratingtwo I can't always access my comments and I'm really frustrated!

leneleven ratingone I downloaded the update and now it doesn't even open.

lentwentyseven ratingone I get the blue Facebook screen and then a black one and my phone says the application is not responding and asks me to force close it.

lennine ratingone I hit like on something and i get nothing.

lenfifteen ratingone I can't upload photos, can't create an event or even post in one .

lenthirtyfive ratingone It ALWAYS ALWAYS force closes on me , I want to throw my phone across the room cuz I am addicted to Facebook, but what's the point of using it if it doesn't work !! .

lennineteen ratingtwo Used to a reliable app but recently it has started giving me problems when I go from 4g to wifi.

lensix ratingtwo Constantly having connection issues with transitions.

lensix ratingtwo Still can't upload pictures properly.

lenfourteen ratingone its fast for sure but keeps on crashing, I cant comment or like anything.

lenfour ratingtwo To slow, stops working.

lennineteen ratingfour I have an LG Optimus slider, and maybe it's not working too well on my phone in particular.

lenseven ratingfour It could save a lot of room

lenthirteen ratingone New stories are not working and it just shows updating updating and updating.

lentwentyeight ratingone It force closes and refuses to post my statuses or comments, and every time I tag someone then try to add a place, it deletes my tagged people.

leneight ratingone I upload my post and it is gone!!!

lensix ratingone iy keeps shutting down on me

lenthirtyseven ratingone This app is rubbish have installed and  uninstall twice and now my old version of fb crashes and chucks me out frustrated to say the least and I don't often swear but ffs sort it out.

leneight ratingfour It has slower connection than mobile web version.

lenthree ratingfour Slower than Google+.

lenten ratingthree Also, I wish you could "unfollow post" from the phone.

lensix ratingone It's very slow not effective..

lenten ratingone Can't up date statue,it keeps say network error.

lentwelve ratingone Don't waste your time, slow, can't comment or see comments

lentwelve ratingone Tried to upload photos and it said the photos cannot be uploaded.

leneleven ratingtwo For Example: The remove comment button or the cover photo tool.

lennine ratingone None of the photos will load in my newsfeed!!

lenfour ratingtwo Picture cant be recieved.

lenthree ratingone connect very slow

lenseventeen ratingfour when i want to upload photo on select picture page it show all photo in my mobile.

lennineteen ratingfour I love everything about it besides when you click on a picture its hard to get out of it

lensix ratingfour Chat has to be updated manually.

leneight ratingfour Laggy, buggy, slow and a waste of space.

lenthirteen ratingfour If there has been text copy paste option i would have given 5 star

lentwentyseven ratingone It's dramatically slower since it automatically updated on me yesterday, the way you comment on pictures is weird, and it's just really weird looking overall.

lentwentyfour ratingone It's freezing constantly, pictures take FOREVER to load, and honestly, I've been just using my mobile browser because it's much faster.

lennineteen ratingone Still rubbish, status comment counts no longer updates - people's status show 1 comment, open it and find several more.

lenfourteen ratingone The last 3 updates, freezing and force close at least 2-3x a day with average use.

leneighteen ratingthree I play castleville, it freezes up after 10 minutes and I have to go back to my home page.

lenseven ratingthree Its alright just need few more adjustments

lenten ratingthree I dont like that it takes up so much space.

lenfive ratingthree It takes long to load.

lenthree ratingfour BAD PHOTO LOADING

lentwelve ratingtwo Still cannot add note, cannot retrieve older album (which is updated recently)

lentwenty ratingone I keep having to switch back to the previous one, because the newest update doesn't load anything at all..

lennine ratingone it just has that little circle moving and moving...

lenfour ratingone Unable to post pics.

lentwentyfour ratingthree I'm reading some new feeds, it continues loading again and I have to wait. Not one or twice times, many and many times

lenthirty ratingone The app always crashes, the screen goes black occasionally so you have to rotate your handset, and the option to "like" a status is more conplicated than it should be.

lentwentyeight ratingtwo Ever since the last update I have to force it to close or wait for it to "stop responding" so I can force it to close and restart.

lenfourteen ratingfour Its taking a lot of time for loading and require forced close some times.

leneleven ratingfour I don't have any of the issues ppl have reported.

lentwelve ratingthree How come cannot copy/save image on fb to my Android phone?

lensix ratingfour Nothing loads on a fast connection.

leneleven ratingfour Nothing us loading properly even when I'm connected to WiFi.

lennine ratingone Facebook won't even load on my Motorola Atrix 2.

lentwelve ratingthree Freezes and tells me no  connection even when i have perfect wifi.

leneleven ratingone For starters, please make the app moveable to the SD card.

lenthirteen ratingone So PLEASE, PLEASE allow the app to be moved to the SD card.

lenthirteen ratingone Let me remind you that a persons internal phone memory isn't huge.

lentwelve ratingone It take too much time for loading and not show all feeds...

lensix ratingone My screen is always going black...

lennine ratingone Can't never stay or "most recent" or "TopNews"..

leneight ratingone Crashes EVERY time I try to do anything

lensix ratingone Not to mention a battery hog.

lensixteen ratingone Why does it need to keep switching the gps on when it isn't actually running?

lenfifteen ratingone I can't even see my own posts. Won't even let me delete it.

leneleven ratingone Now its juss stuck in the loading zone o_O WTF...

lentwelve ratingfour I wish you could unfollow posts and edit posts via FB app.

lennine ratingone I was perfectly fine with it how it was.

leneighteen ratingone Once it's working better, I will go back to using the app and give you more stars.

lenthirteen ratingone But as of now, I really wish I could give it a ZERO.

lenfive ratingfour The app became really faster.

lensix ratingfour Much improved but still give 4 stars.

lentwelve ratingfour Ppl, if you have a low end phone, expect low end performance.

leneighteen ratingone There should be a 0 stars option cuz this piece of sh*t app doesn't even deserve one!

lenten ratingone Worst app I have ever had the misfortune of using!

lenseven ratingfour The new update looks better than before

lenfive ratingfour Awesome as comparison to previous

lenten ratingfour It's very easy to use download it right now....

lenseven ratingthree Having a lot of trouble with Facebook.

lenfive ratingone need for too much repear...

lensix ratingfour It's better than old version

lennine ratingone Using home wifi full signal on Motorola Atrix HD :(

lenthree ratingone 1st time on facebook.

lenfour ratingone App keeps getting worse

lenfive ratingthree I'm tired of waiting.

lenfifteen ratingthree I'm not often give bad review but this time, this app makes me crazy.

lentwo ratingfour Awesome update

lenfive ratingfour I like it a lot!

leneleven ratingone why isn't it working fast like every one else says???

leneleven ratingfour Just go to yer Task Manager, and  stop Facebook's process.

lenten ratingone Sometimes it dosent  whant to show my newsfeed and pictures .....

lenten ratingone and when i want to comment it dosent  let me...

lenfourteen ratingone THIS IS SO BROKEN AND PLZ PLZ PLZ MAKE THIS MOVABLE TO SD CARD .

lenfourteen ratingfour I won't able to comment on photo album, not even on my own.

lenfourteen ratingone Slowest yet, says network error often, regardless of connected or disconnected to Wi-Fi.

lenfour ratingone Can't delete comments.

lenfive ratingone Unlikes status updates and photos.

lenthree ratingone Wont upload photos.

lenthirteen ratingone It force stops constantly and is very slow and ends up freezing up.

lenthirtyfive ratingtwo Everytime there is an update, I have issues on my page, such as photos not uploading, the page scrolling up and down constanly, comments not posting, and now I cant see any photos or captions.

leneight ratingthree Some time it take long time on 2g connection.

lenseven ratingthree Plz make it faster for 2g data card.

lenfive ratingone It takes forever load page..

lenseventeen ratingtwo the previous update has got an option for changing cover foto which vanished on the last update.

lensixteen ratingone it lags forever to open a comment and sometimes it wont post the comments I leave ....

lenfive ratingone Forecloses most of the time.

leneleven ratingone Can't see photos, recent stories never show up in order.

leneleven ratingone Doesn't update my timeline without having a dozen network errors.

lentwentyone ratingone Possibly one of my most frequently used apps, but definitely the worst of all, with constant network error and force close.

lenthirteen ratingone When I try to open the app I just get a black screen!

lentwelve ratingone does post by comment and likes so I need to like twice ....

lenfourteen ratingtwo Notifications won't open unless I click the world icon and do it there.

lensix ratingtwo Tons of other freezes and crap.

lentwentytwo ratingthree Today's update has mostly fixed my problems  happy with app again but doesn't come back from full screen photos properly.

leneleven ratingone Posting on pages either doesn't show up or fails altogether.

lensix ratingone Won't load stories most times.

lenfour ratingone Can't change cover.

lenthree ratingone not loaded images

lennine ratingone Connection errors, images not loading, refresh taking an eternity.

lentwentyseven ratingone force closes, can't read all comments on status's without it closing off, I can't comment on anything, can't change pics, can't upload..

lenfive ratingone Not all status updates showing...

leneleven ratingfour I am not able to view photos ysing this crap app.

lenten ratingfour Allow me to not get updates anymore on a topic

leneleven ratingtwo Incredibly bloated install, coming in at 40mb+ for it and fb messenger.

lenseven ratingtwo Refuses to stop defaulting to 'top stories'.

lenseven ratingone Almost completely nonfunctional since the latest update.

lenthree ratingone Not loading/updating.

lenthree ratingone Nothin will load!!

lenthirteen ratingfour However when i post a comment i can't edit or delete it....

lenthree ratingone everyday was error...

lentwo ratingthree force closed...

leneight ratingtwo Works fine one update, completely unusable the next.

leneighteen ratingtwo Since the new download I can't see any pictures unless I click on them and wait forever.

lennine ratingone Posts say sent but they are never actually posted.

lenfifteen ratingtwo Annoying ads, no respect for settings, I don't even want to think about permissions...

lentwentyone ratingone This update blows, I can't update my status now, I don't even know why I still have this app.

lennine ratingone Reinstalled and now all I get is network error.

lentwelve ratingtwo Constant network errors, even though the rest of the internet works fine.

lentwentyfour ratingthree Every time i look at photos on this app it takes forever for photos to pop up or at all if you're lucky.

leneleven ratingthree It's super frustrating that i can't look at photos.

lenseventeen ratingthree It always says something like photo unavailable, please try again later. Trying back later never works either.

lenseven ratingone Frequently crashes, 0 stars is what it deserves

lenfortyseven ratingone I can't comment on people's pictures or status bc when I do, I won't be able to continue bc it will go to the top of the page, then I have to go all the way down again to finish whatever I am typing.

leneight ratingone I like the old way of sharing pictures..

lenthirtythree ratingthree I like the set up the only that is very frustrating is that it doesn't update when its suppose to I try to refresh it myself and it won't do anything

lensixteen ratingtwo I constantly have too log out and log back in for my news feed to refresh.

lenfifteen ratingone My phone has been very slow, lots of apps crashing, even restarting itself on occasion.

lenseven ratingthree I cant even change my cover photo

lentwo ratingone Connection lost?

lennine ratingone It loads very slow and always loses the connection.

lenfive ratingone Takes too much internal memory.....!!!

lenfive ratingone Its always saying network error.

lenseven ratingone My phone keeps getting a black screen.

lenthirteen ratingfour Only thing I'd like to be able to do is delete comments..

lentwo ratingtwo Crashes sometimes...

lenfourteen ratingtwo needs more option like delete your comments on groups ect or edit spelling mistakes

lentwelve ratingone Why did you take away the ability to delete comments on status?

lentwenty ratingone It was frustrating enough to not be able to edit typos, but at least you could delete and post again.

lentwentysix ratingone Images I wish to share either don't upload at all or go straight to my time line then take ages to appear on my wall.

lenthirteen ratingone Keeps displaying network error even though it works fine on my laptop, rubbish!

leneleven ratingone Ok you "updating people", whatever yall are doing needs to stop.

lentwentyfive ratingone Makes me not even want my FB anymore because I'm always having to get on my laptop to clear the notifications off my phone.

lentwo ratingone Slooooooow loading.

lenseven ratingone Yall need to fix this is slow

lentwentyfour ratingone everything about this app lags, photos take forever to upload, regardless of the 4G network or WiFi, it sucks, this goes to comments as well.

lenten ratingthree I would give 5 stars when they fix the cover picture....

lenfifteen ratingthree i able to change the cover picture but i cannot able to reposition the photo!!!

lenthirteen ratingone Since the most recent update the app keeps freaking out, freezing and closing!!!

lenseven ratingone Constant connection error, won't load pics........

lensixteen ratingtwo Keep getting network errors and it wont load anymore pictures after about 3 or 4 pictures are viewed.

lentwentyfour ratingone The update is horrible, it's slow,I always get a network error, pictures don't always upload, can't delete nor edit comments.

lenfive ratingone Doesn't load photos, comments.

lenten ratingone FB is now not letting me post status updates-nice!

lentwentyfour ratingone I've never placed a review until now and am very disappointed that I can't even update my status through the app now.

lenthirteen ratingtwo I can't post statuses and I cannot post on anyone's wall.

lensix ratingone Will not start up bad app

lennine ratingone Can't view pictures in news feeds or messenger.

lenfour ratingthree Recent 'suggested posts' annoying.

leneighteen ratingone Only received ads and spam in staus updates and non from pages i liked or friends on fb.

leneight ratingone Won't allow status updates or even open.

lenfifteen ratingone Tried removing it & re-installing several times & all I get are "Force Close" Poor business.

lennine ratingone Still wont open pictures and it moves super slow.

lenfour ratingone News feed screws up.

lenten ratingone Screen gets stuck on a photo whenever you view it.

lensix ratingone Can't edit or delete posts.

lenseventeen ratingfour I can no longer delete my own comments or others' comments on my status with the update

lensix ratingone then it does not feed correctly.

lenseven ratingone Stories and posts are out of sync.

leneight ratingtwo idk how to delete comments in this version...

leneight ratingone where did my change cover photo option go..??

lenfourteen ratingone Freezes, crashes, tells me I have no internet connection when my browser works fine.

leneleven ratingone And every 5 minutes my phone says its getting low on storage.

lenthirtyone ratingthree It has improved since I first used it, but you are subjected to inane "X finished level 17 in Cutesy Doo-dah Game" messages and other crap that you can't disable.

lentwentyfour ratingthree If anything at all interrupts its network connection then it goes off to la-la land, never to return until you forcibly kill it.

lensix ratingone Takes forever to load new posts!

lensix ratingone I can barely start this app.

lenthree ratingtwo Hangs a lot.

lenten ratingone Why can't i delete or edit my own comments?!

leneight ratingthree On the new update, you cant delete comments.

lenfourteen ratingone Always have to force it close and then re open for it to update.

lensix ratingone I CANT CHANGE MY COVER PHOTO....

leneleven ratingone Can't see my posts even after it appears they posted

lennine ratingone Actually I can't post anything or share anything.

lenseven ratingone I can only comment on friends posts :(

lenfour ratingone Push notifications not working -_-

lenfifteen ratingfour Speed is slow and does not notify for the b day s and other notifications

lentwentytwo ratingone I cant update my cover photo from my phone and when i click on a photo it wont let me go back.

lenseven ratingone Since last update takes ages to update.

lenseven ratingtwo Like other users are complaining, too slow.

leneight ratingone itz always showz the error saying network problem.....

lennine ratingone Why cannot see when the ppl today birthday de....

lenthirteen ratingone What is it with the "no internection" pop up and why no pictures?

lensix ratingone Keep getting no network connection bug.

lentwentytwo ratingthree It really bothers me that I cannot scroll using the volume key why haven't the developers made this an option yet?

lenseven ratingone Doesnt load and just keeps loading forever

lenseven ratingone Takes way toooo long to log out.

lenten ratingfour Good but lags too much, and need some bug fixes. !

lenseventeen ratingtwo Wish I didnt have to keep deleting and reinstalling this app just so I can see pics.

leneight ratingtwo Also my comments lag, dissappear, and reappear whenever.

lenseven ratingtwo Notifications are all out of wack too.

lenfiftysix ratingthree It keeps getting better but I find it difficult if not impossible to do certain simple tasks such as setting a cover photo or removing an accidental photo tag that you might have created or even scrolling through the profile pictures when your not viewing the album itself when you click on someone's profile picture.

lentwenty ratingtwo This version is garbage, you cannot add a cover photo through profile, default pics dont fully show, and other problems.

lenten ratingone Since update can't see pics on my Droid phone.

lenthree ratingone slow,poor,pathetic

lenfifteen ratingone Notification no longer work since last update was finally fixed now they broke it again.

lentwentyfive ratingtwo I always uninstall this app cause it have problem loading photos in news feed. If i want to see it i must click the photo.

lensix ratingone This app freezes and stops suddenly !

lensix ratingone I can't update my status.

lenfive ratingone Force closes all the time.

lenseven ratingtwo Slow or network error when using WiFi.

lennine ratingone :P Nothing works anymore, everything takes forever to reload.

leneight ratingone Can't delete comments, everything is so slow.

lenfifteen ratingone I changed my password, so now I can't login, it won't even start.

leneight ratingthree doesnt let you edit comments and occasionally crashes...

leneleven ratingone I cannot post or share anything nor change my profile pic...

lenfour ratingone I cant see pictures.

lenthree ratingone Long load times.

lenfour ratingone Tooo much memory taken!

leneighteen ratingone Very disappointed at how many times my phone is forced to close this facebook app since by update!

lentwenty ratingone Since your last great update i can't see pics in news feeds and it locks up all the time...

lentwentythree ratingthree I love being able to scroll through photos on my nexus but this app often freezes when looking at multiple photos or albums.

lenten ratingthree Its always stalling and freezes my phone and nothing loads

lenthirteen ratingthree i never see pictures at all and i used to be able to

lensix ratingthree Now it loads all the time.

lennine ratingthree Some days it works and some days nothing loads.

lenten ratingone Over a month and still can't post a status

lenten ratingone Trying to uninstall and reinstall can't see pictures anymore!!

leneight ratingone stop updating, cant log in, frezze to much.

lentwentyone ratingone It force closes when  I open the app, and on the off chance the app stays open  I get connection error.

lentwelve ratingtwo This apps is cool but the photo loading make me getting crazy.

lentwelve ratingtwo it goes slow and don't update like it use to be

lenfour ratingone 1. Can not delete comments.

lenthirtysix ratingone 2. Can not visit external web sites through Facebook using links on news or any other post 90% of the time. It gives a warning and when I click to go anyway it can't find the page....

lenseven ratingone 3. Force closes often, especially dealing with pictures

lenfive ratingone 5. Constant connection errors and issues.

lentwentytwo ratingone Idk what youu guys did to this app but it used to work and now it has network errors all the time.

lenfive ratingtwo slow not worth the update

lenthirteen ratingone This app constantly freezes and shuts down and makes my phone run slow.

lennine ratingone Not to mention all the data it soaks up.

lenseventeen ratingone I am now deleting it because everyday it freezes and force closes at least 3 times a day.

lentwelve ratingone Maybe i need other app to notify me when i get notification.

lenthirteen ratingone It takes very much space please add feature to send to SD card ....!!

lenthirteen ratingthree 40+ mb's is a big chunk to have on my phone's memory.

lentwentyfive ratingone Not getting notifications, the app will have a "network error" when not on wireless, the picture zoom has glitched, and a bunch of missing info.

lennine ratingone App doesn't have up-to-date notifications orinfo.

lenthirteen ratingone AND, I'm sorry, WHY does FB need to read my call log?

lenten ratingone It takes forever to load the news feeds and photo.

lenfifteen ratingtwo I don't even get notifications anymore, have to manually go in and refresh it.

lensix ratingtwo Needs to be sd card writable.

leneleven ratingthree Doesn't load pictures quick enough and sometimes not at all.

lentwentynine ratingone Now,  not only do we have to put up with freezing,  not updating,  and not displaying pictures properly,  we now have "In your face"  ads for other Android apps!

lenten ratingone For God's sake, people DO NOT want these ads.

lenthirteen ratingtwo freezes and crashes a lot. and add the option to delete comments again

lenthirty ratingfour Pretty faster then before but still some heavy bugs Like, can't delete comments, pics uploding problem, and the major pain is still can't upload pics on my page!

leneleven ratingone Can't post on friends' walls, force closes all the time.

lenfifteen ratingone It doesn't let me update my status is getting freaking annoying change it please

lenthirteen ratingone Starts itself up and runs in the background until the battery is dead.

lennineteen ratingone When on WiFi sometimes will try to update, have to switch from WiFi to network to make it work.

lennineteen ratingtwo Keeps crashing when I go to use it, can't see photos so once again another messed up update

lensix ratingtwo App loads about half the time

lentwelve ratingfour Would give it 5 stars, but I can't change my cover photo.

lenten ratingfour There isn't a camera icon on the bottom right.

lenfifteen ratingone The last version of Facebook on my phone always logout and shown Facebook authentication failed!!!!

lenseven ratingtwo My status's don't get posted.

lenfive ratingtwo It takes forever tk load.

lenfive ratingone Wont work over wifi anymore.

lensix ratingone Not updating status & full of errors

lenfortythree ratingthree I wish Facebook would give its widgets a face lift more it needs to be more sleaker with more options from the widgets instead of having to open the app it needs a widget like the widget for the twitter app Falcon pro

lenfourteen ratingone Sometime u cant login Showing error and error Or Taking a so much space

lennine ratingone Will not upload or load photos and force closes!!

lenfourteen ratingone please make this app better & faster thanks !? & it always want me to 'Force Close'

lensix ratingone You cannot even delete a comment.

lensix ratingone You cant even edit your comments.

lenfortysix ratingone Speaking of comments, this is absolutely the most INFURIATING thing I've ever experienced on my phone: I've typed a huge well thought out comment and suddenly my big fingers miss a button and taps on the screen and boom everything i wrote is gone.

lennine ratingone Ever since the update I get constant network errors.

leneighteen ratingone If I try to log out of the app to fix it, I can't log back in.

lenfourteen ratingone I have to reboot my entire phone to get the error to go away

lenseven ratingtwo Could improve on speed and memory usage.

lenthree ratingtwo Force closes often.

lentwentytwo ratingthree But key functions of this version are removed such as the ability to delete comments of yours or others on your statuses.

leneleven ratingtwo FB is always pushing how much info they can send you.

lenfourteen ratingtwo I wish this app had more controls for what one would like to receive.

lentwelve ratingtwo I wish it had an option to not load at start up...

lenfourteen ratingone This is the only app that continuously freezes my phone and stops it responding

lenthirteen ratingone Facebook keeps saying no network and dosen't load pictures update is useless!!!

lenten ratingone It doesn't capture my location automatically on my updates...

leneighteen ratingone Also when I like some status it doesn't appear when I see the same status next time.

leneight ratingone Pathetically slow for such a big internet presense.

lennine ratingone No pictures show in news feed now, C'mon.

lenthirty ratingthree Facebook should have an edit button for ALL statues & comments do to sometimes you forget or miss spell a word and people have already gotten likes on there  statues/comments. .......

leneleven ratingtwo but while commenting on an album is not possible from mobile...

lennine ratingone Image not download and text not edit n copy.

lenthirteen ratingone but it just won't refresh unless I close the app and reopen....

lentwelve ratingtwo It doesn't even updates my news feed and my friends request...

lentwentysix ratingtwo Please sort out the fact that I can't post any of my status, tryed for two hour's to post one thing, was very annoyed.

lenfourteen ratingfour Just when you pull up a picture, sometimes it takes forever to to back

lenten ratingtwo "Likes" are automatically "unliked" each time I exit the app.

lenfourteen ratingtwo I can't delete or edit posts/comments like I could in older versions.

lenfour ratingone internet problems, god sake!

leneleven ratingone Since the last update, it force closes more than it works.

lenfifteen ratingone Idk if its my phone or this app but it won't detect my location ....

lennine ratingone Now newsfeed either loads slowly or not at all.

lenseventeen ratingone I'm not using it and battery but it tells me facebook has used 5% of my battery

lenthree ratingone Constantly force closes.

lenthirty ratingone The update claims to be faster at loading timelines but it's slower then ever and doesn't even load half the time, this goes with notifications news feed messages...

lennineteen ratingtwo No app should take up 26mb of space without the ability to move any of it to the SD card.

lennine ratingone Whenever I post new status updates it never shows!

leneleven ratingone Even when I post on friends walls, I can only comment!

lenfive ratingone Takes up too much space!

leneleven ratingthree Wat happen to the cover photo theirs no option for it

lenfourteen ratingthree My live feed tends to switch to just my feeds all on its own.

lentwelve ratingone Pics don't load and very slow even with 4g and full service

lentwelve ratingone Wont let me send an email and its slow on the pics.

lenfourteen ratingtwo Usually i dont have many issues with this app but recently its been slow.

lentwentyseven ratingtwo It takes forever to update statuses to the point where i have to go to my task manager to kill the task; then start up facebook again.

lentwentyseven ratingtwo if i have to manually tell facebook to close and reopen with new update statuses on my newsfeed i might as well uninstall and use facebook mobile.

lenfive ratingone No pics in news feed.

lentwo ratingone Comment errors...

leneight ratingthree It keeps force stopping, should work on that .

lennineteen ratingone If your like something, I will show then automatically un-like it and other things you have liked previously.

lenseven ratingone PLEASE MAKE IT MOVABLE TO SD CARD.

lensix ratingone Won't load pictures or posts.

lensixteen ratingthree after I pull the screen down to refresh it still has statuses from like hrs ago !!!

lentwenty ratingtwo Great app but sometimes makes you force close and dose not let you in but other then that good app,!

lentwentythree ratingone It either freezes or won't up lode any pictures for the past hour every time i go there its blank please fix.

lentwentyseven ratingtwo Except now, when I'm scrolling through my newsfeed, the pictures don't show up unless I tap them and wait five minutes for it to load.

lenthirteen ratingone Bring back the action of deleting comments on our own posts samsung galaxy s2

lennine ratingone Freezing, won't refresh, takes FOREVER to see pictures...

lenthirtyfive ratingfour It is a good app use when am on break at work but it locks up and I have to force close it some times even take the battery out of my phone restart it

lennine ratingone Using Latest update i cant change my fb cover.

lenfifteen ratingone Won't load at all on my Samsung exhibit 4g Will re rate when it works!

lenfive ratingthree but processing is very slow

lenthirteen ratingthree pictures & coments dont upload so i have to go back to the web

leneight ratingone This app needs a new ui and speed.

leneight ratingfour The only drawback is the freezing at times.

lenseven ratingtwo It force closes since the last update......

lentwentyone ratingtwo Every time I try to refresh my notifications window I get an error that says cannot receive notifications...timeout has occurred.

lenfive ratingone I cant send friend request....

lenthirteen ratingone Doesn't hold much of a stable connection over wifi on a Nexus 7.

lensix ratingone Cannot log in my android fb

lentwentyone ratingthree it won't load my friends because it says I have no friends and it can't connect to some server.

leneleven ratingfour Need to improve each and everything And i cannot save image.

lenseven ratingfour there is no option to save image

lenseven ratingone Things I like or comment on disappear.

lenseven ratingtwo Won't load pictures on news feeds :(

lenfourteen ratingone But don't update it cuz it will be slower and and never refresh.

leneleven ratingone As soon as I open it, just a constant loading screen.

lensix ratingone Can't edit out delete posts.

lentwelve ratingone I get zero notifications, it lags severely and takes years to load!!

lenseven ratingone Has constant network errors even on wifi.

lentwentyone ratingone SUX, it took forevvveerrr to upload my videos and then would not let me comment on them the pics were ok.

lensix ratingthree Still dont have 'save image' menu???

lentwelve ratingtwo pics won't load past first couple of posts on my newsfeed.

lenthirtyseven ratingone Ever since I updated Facebook my photos don't load on my news feed it constantly says network error and tonight I just realized for the past couple days everything I thought I posted didn't post!

lenten ratingone Force closing,  won't update, stinking slow,  updated my butt.

leneleven ratingone Won't show posts i make or let me change pictures.

lenseven ratingone Always says network error it never works

leneighteen ratingfour This app I just wish it did not take up a lot of your phone especially the ram.

lenseven ratingone Nothing loading, And it hasnt for weeks..

lenthree ratingfour Option is removed.

lenseven ratingone I still cannot post text only status. :(

lenseven ratingone Since the update it force closes randomly.

lennine ratingone The FB app force closes after the initialising page.

lenfourteen ratingone When open all things such as notification,messages,pictures,videos, and status all sloww.!!!

lenfour ratingthree So slow loading pictures!

lenthirteen ratingfour sometimes can't open videos and keeps changing from most recent to newsfeed

lenfiftyone ratingtwo Since 2 updates ago i'm not able to change mi cover foto, before I had an option on the bottom right, just clicked it and choose a new one, but I was expecting that to be fixed in this update and still nothing, when will I be able to do so?

lenthirteen ratingtwo My phone automatically updated my facebook to a much more slow running app!

lentwentyfour ratingone I can't even view my Facebook and when I could it was never a live news feed as it is on my desktop.

lensixteen ratingone Even after selecting most recent option it still showed some new and some from hours ago.

leneight ratingfour Can't see posts past about a page.

lenfortyfour ratingone I cannot update my status, when someone likes or comments I don't get the notification for hours, it doesn't show up in the newsfeed that someone likes or comments, I have updated my status twice today and you can't see it.

lentwentyone ratingtwo If I click on a photo from the app, it'll stay on the photo and wont let me close Facebook.

lenfifteen ratingone Thank you for taking away my ability to change my cover photo from my phone.

lentwelve ratingone The news feed doesn't always update when I pull it down.

lenfifteen ratingone Messages sometime don't load or glitch and are out of order, same with notifications.

leneleven ratingone Also people's profiles sometimes wont load, an same for groups.

leneighteen ratingone Once if I like my friends post it automatically undo d option, can't tag photos some times....

lenfive ratingone Comment loadin s very slow....

lensixteen ratingone while chatting we can't able to see their chats after two min only its visible...

lennine ratingone it simply says not enough memory with even 500MB available....

lennineteen ratingone I've just upgraded,n now whenever i click on any pic to see, the app is force closed!

lennineteen ratingone Pictures on main screen won't load, and when clicked on to make bigger still won't load up.

lentwelve ratingthree I would love to be able to see my news feed chronologically.

lentwelve ratingtwo Always having network errors and loading times are getting longer and longer.

lennineteen ratingtwo It's not my phone or my network that's the problem otherwise everything else would be slow too.

lenseventeen ratingtwo It is not smooth while browsing , it is always clicking as if it is too heavy application

lenthree ratingone Force closes forever

lenfourteen ratingtwo I wanted to send multiple picturea to friends timeline but wouldn't give option

lenfive ratingone App takes forever to load.

lentwelve ratingone Will appear to be loading a status update but will not post.

leneight ratingthree I can't upload pics OR check-in.

leneleven ratingthree Now its getting better,only i cant change my cover photo......

lentwentyseven ratingfour Its an best app but eat a lot of internal space becomes slower day by day place make it moveable to sd and fix its speeding problem

lenten ratingone Make it possible to move the app to SD card.

lenfour ratingone Still a bit unstabil.

lenfive ratingone cant view more than 30 notification.

lensix ratingfour Nice but comments can not removed

leneleven ratingone i can't see any pictures and it is extremely slow!!

leneleven ratingone Also why can't we delete posts and change cover pictures???!!

lenfourteen ratingtwo After last update, I tag people but after leaving the page nothing is saved.

lentwo ratingtwo Tags lost.

lenthirtythree ratingone I just installed the latest update to see if it would help with other problems I was experiencing, now all it does it crashes and force closes within seconds of me getting on.

lenfifteen ratingone I just installed this 30 minutes ago, and in a span of 15 minutes had 7 force closes!!!

lenthree ratingone No chat availe...

lensix ratingthree can't view pictures at all!

lenseven ratingtwo why I can't delete the comment ??!

lenfour ratingone Blank screen than crashed

lenseven ratingtwo just status on loading even on wifi.

lenseven ratingthree Won't let me see load pics

lenforty ratingone I dont know the reason why , but everytime i click on a new pic , it takes me to a whole different pic, not sure why, also this app is very slow :/ , and freezes my phone all the time,, please fix

lensix ratingthree I cuold'nt read hindi font...

lenfive ratingone Images dont appear at all.

lennine ratingone Need updates to current or recent update on newsfeed.

lenfive ratingone Very poor visibility on pages.

lensix ratingone New update has constant network error.

lentwo ratingone Occasionally connects.

lenthree ratingone Loss of functionality!

leneighteen ratingtwo For the most part, the app works fine for me, except when I comment on someone's status.

leneighteen ratingtwo If the status has a lot of comments it takes forever to scroll all the way back down.

lenfive ratingone Keep getting a network error.

lenfour ratingone Can't upload statuses.

lentwentyfour ratingfour I want to change my password in this app but I cant. Please tell me how I can do that without log in browser?

lensixteen ratingone NONE of the pictures whether they are posts or profile pics show in my news feed.

lenthirtyfive ratingone I have to click the image to view it and then when I push the back button it refreshes the picture, I have to hit the back button 3 times to get back to the newsfeed!

lenten ratingone Not to mention it is insanely slow at loading pictures.

lenseventeen ratingone And when commenting on something, the screen scrolls up randomly and stops entering what I'm typing.

lenseventeen ratingthree Ever sence the update I can't delete people's comments or change the second profile picture.

lenfifteen ratingone this latest version always says network problem or connection failed and always gets force stop .

lentwenty ratingone This is very dead slow while uploading albulms or photos and it takes a lot of hours to upload them .

lensixteen ratingone the older version is 100% better than the latest version so please fix the older version again .

lenfourteen ratingone my chat messages don't work the same. They don't pop up right.

lentwelve ratingone cant refresh, has to close out then go back in to update.

leneleven ratingone It now takes forever to refresh news feed upon loading up?

lensix ratingone Wi-Fi or 3G Worst version EVER!

lenfive ratingone Won't hold internet connection!!

lentwentythree ratingtwo since the last update, facebook wont load when I am on wifi so I have to use mobile data(which can get expensive).

leneight ratingtwo I can't delete my posts anymore either.

lenseven ratingfour So many mb,i dont like it.

lentwelve ratingone Once I click the back button, everything restart again from the beginning.

leneighteen ratingone I want to continue the following post but not back to the first post that my fren posted.

lenseven ratingtwo there is no provision for deleting comments.

lensix ratingone & it force closes all the time!

lentwentyfive ratingone When sharing posts from other pages it doesn't ever show up in other people's newsfeed or people have you marked as close friend.

leneighteen ratingone Says I have a network error when I don't, won't load pics.hate hate hate it!

lenseven ratingone Now trying to uninstall and its frozen!

lenfortyeight ratingone I just updated this last night and I already hate it for one it takes forever to get into facebook,network errors,if I knew this was gonna happen I would NEVER uploaded it you need to fix this and fix this NOW or make a better updated

lenten ratingfour But Please Fix The Lagging Issues And The "Force Close"

lentwenty ratingone Every time I log on it takes forever to upload or it will tell me there is a network error.

lenfour ratingtwo can't edit comments :(

lenten ratingtwo Can't be able to edit or delete ur comments.

lenten ratingtwo Most of the times this app freezes nd suddenly closed.

lenfourteen ratingone This app loads a bunch of extra cookies and what not on ur phone.

lentwentyeight ratingone If you go to see what apps are open, it will show 3 or so diff fb apps and theyre all dfferent.even though I didnt add anything extra.

lentwelve ratingone I can't tag people, upload anything, search, or see my notifications! :(

leneleven ratingone Comments, likes, etc, and showing network error most of the time

lenten ratingone Until I realize that this app slows down entire os.

lentwenty ratingone Plus, it gives me lots of network errors, fc's. It was fine, now it's a piece of junk.

lennineteen ratingone Too frequent force close, install/uninstall, network error, freeze phone, extremely slow load, no pics, can't search EVER!

lenfour ratingone Always get error msg.

lenthirteen ratingone Since upgrade messaging does not work, looses connection, most time does not connect.

lenseven ratingtwo It just takes forever to do anything

lenfourteen ratingone I had Facebook downloaded but deleted the app because it was way too slow!

leneight ratingone For two days I have had no connection.

lenseven ratingone It won't update my news feed.

lenseven ratingone Half the time can not like something.

lenthirteen ratingone You can't see the pictures in the news feed which is ANNOYING!

lentwentyone ratingone Network error comes up every time I try to sign on,it takes literally 8 mins for half a page to load.

lentwelve ratingone Keep having to reset my network connection to access the app, annoying.

lenten ratingthree Trouble loading slow how to uninstall and reinstall to work.

lenfourteen ratingone Takes up too much internal memory have to keep clearing history & cache to use!

leneight ratingfour Why won't it download on my HTC

lenseven ratingone force closes pictures with suddenly stop appearing

lentwo ratingtwo Forces close.

lenfive ratingtwo upgrade means upgrade,not downgrade.

lenseven ratingone You can't even save a photo.

lentwelve ratingone When I try to view a picture it takes forever to load.

lennineteen ratingone I wish they would update this  You cant even update statuses to facebook on this This is not recommended

leneight ratingthree Unable to make any post with my galaxy S3.

lenfour ratingtwo It loads very slow

lennine ratingone Can't update my friend's avatar in chat

lensix ratingone Keeps reloading and saying network error!!

lenten ratingtwo Cld b so much better it is just so slow!

lenfour ratingone Its just nver loading.

lenfifteen ratingfour I can't  post on my status , I can like comment on everything  else tho.

lenten ratingfour It was nice but it show who connect on chat

lenfourteen ratingtwo Wallpost don't update even when your refresh. Unless you log out and in.

leneleven ratingtwo The chat doesn't show everyone online just same set people.

lenfour ratingone Not loading, network error.

lenfour ratingone Notifications dont come through.

leneight ratingfour Even though its slow it runs pretty good

lennineteen ratingtwo I'm not able to update my status nor can I login into my spotify account because of Facebook.

lenthirteen ratingone y i cant able to edit or delete my comment its very emberssing

lennineteen ratingone Sucks, lot of bugs, crash constantly, lately the hosted on your friends status reload from Weeks and dates before.

lentwelve ratingone The updated FB app is causing my entire phone to keep crashing.

lenfourteen ratingone I have to constantly restart my phone because of error messages for all apps.

lenseven ratingone Too slow wont load before loses connection.

lenfourteen ratingone Constantly crashes, has problems with network (nothing else does), doesn't load pictures etc.

lenseven ratingtwo They take up so much page space .

lennine ratingtwo Very slow and wont load  anything 90% of the time.

lenfourteen ratingtwo now it's freezing up. not only the app, but my whole phone too.

lenseven ratingtwo I can't comment our deer comments.

leneight ratingtwo Keep freezing on me and boot off smh

lenfourteen ratingthree can't change cover photo on phone. takes a long time to load pages.

lensix ratingfour There's no Changing Cover photo.

lentwenty ratingfour At the right down corner of the cover photo, there's no camera symbol to change the cover photo immediately.

lenten ratingone (This review is about as current as my news feed.)

lennine ratingone 1)often unable to post and get "network error" message.

lenten ratingtwo This app used to be great now it forces shut .

lenthirtyone ratingtwo I can't see pics or it takes forever for them to open and I can't change my cover photo unless I go on the computer.please fix these issues!

leneighteen ratingone This app is hopeless & frustrating, never loads, clearing app data, removing & reinstalling the app still doesn't work.

lenseven ratingtwo It wil eat moi whole internal memory .

lenfive ratingtwo And its crashes several times .

lennine ratingtwo Pls add a option to move to Sd card .

lenten ratingthree This app eats a lot of memory on my phone.

lennine ratingthree I can't move the app to sd card.

lenfive ratingone Keeps saying it network error

leneight ratingone After update , i cant post my status anymore.

leneight ratingone Phone freezes every time I use this app.

lensix ratingone Facebook keeps force closing please fix

lenfive ratingthree Takes up to much memory

lenthirteen ratingthree It does not have notifications for when people like something on your page!

lenfourteen ratingtwo And the lamest thing is everytime someone likes something it shows in my feed.

lentwentyfour ratingone My Galaxy Ace has an incredibly limited amount of space, although I have a 16 GB SD card plugged in to make up for it.

lenfourteen ratingtwo Everything was great until the last update, everything got slow and freezes up since .

lenfifteen ratingone Slow freezes and doesn't load on a consistent basis fix it this is unacceptable

lenfour ratingone Always network error wtf

lenfifteen ratingthree I would like to see the post I'm commenting on while I comment though.

lentwenty ratingthree When I reply I like to reread the post and make sure spelling and content are correct to the post.

lentwentysix ratingone Please fix the app so that it doesn't look for a location unless you tell it to, such as when you're checking in somewhere.

lentwo ratingone Terribly slow

lensix ratingone It force closes all the time.

leneleven ratingone I want to be able to change my cover pic again.

lenfour ratingone This keeps moving slow.

lennine ratingone Freezes my phone cant upload photos moves really slow.

lentwentysix ratingone I like the layout of the latest version, but it is the slowest yet and crashes all the time when trying to view comments or photos.

lentwentyfour ratingfour Ive been running on samsung s I for ever now all the sudden its not loading n neither does it on tge web browser.

lenseven ratingone GOD FORBID I SHOULD OPEN A PICTURE!!

lenten ratingone I cannot make posts from the app, only the internet!!

lentwentysix ratingfour Facebook is good and all but its so slow its slowed my phone right down its not funny and it's not letting me like stuff

lenfive ratingone Profile pictures can't scroll

lensix ratingtwo 5 mb pic can't be upload

lenfourteen ratingtwo fb is lame, i don't want them being able to listen in w

leneight ratingtwo e and look and my pics and junk

lensixteen ratingfour it's a bit slow bt good for uploading photos and changing cover photos via phone

lennine ratingfour bt still need some improvements to make it faster

lenfifteen ratingone grrrrr after the update my phone isn't working right and i cannot access facebook

leneleven ratingone tried deleting and reinstalling the fb app still cannot get it

lenten ratingthree it's okay for my galaxy s2, but on galaxy note 10

lenfive ratingthree earlier version is more better

lenfive ratingtwo pictures take forever to load

lenfourteen ratingone sucks, this new version doesn't let me like friends comments in my posts

lenseven ratingthree it also won't load any pics

lentwelve ratingone i am not able to view pictures in my samsung galaxy s

leneleven ratingthree it tells me i have a message when i don't

lentwenty ratingthree gripe is trying to upload multiple pics, it worked fine before but now it freezes halfway through the second pic

lentwentysix ratingone now everytime i try to post a status i have to try  two or three times then i get a message saying try again later (null)

lenseventeen ratingone and because i am not updating it has gone back to an old old version of facebook

lensixteen ratingone until it's made into a good app again i won't use facebook on phone

lenten ratingone very disappointed in you :( lucky you even got one star

lenseventeen ratingtwo would you make it possible for the app to be moved to sd card for galaxy y

leneight ratingtwo it eats a lot of memory on phone

lentwenty ratingone this app is horrible won't upload my pics, and keeps asking me to add friends when i say no

lenthirteen ratingone everytime i want to post a comment it will show an error message

lenthirteen ratingone its always comes that there is no network this app is a waste

leneighteen ratingfour its nice to have this app but pls add a way for us to change the cover photo

lentwentytwo ratingtwo thus app use to be really good and now its slow, says "network error with full wifi or 4g and never shows pictures

lentwentyone ratingtwo its better off barrowing a friends phone that isnt a droid and signing on their phone to look at your facebook

leneleven ratingthree games and product links all want to post to my timeline

lenfourteen ratingone oh don't worry we'll bother you incessantly about it with annoying popups

lennine ratingfour i hated this app when it was in versions 1

lensix ratingfour xx but is getting better now

lennineteen ratingone why is it that when i first bought my droid facebook works great now it's slow, laggy, etc

lennine ratingone i can understand on 3g but on wifi at home

lenfive ratingone doesnt work half the time

lenseventeen ratingone uninstalled this app always shows network error, slow in updating latest feeds, does not show latest notif

lenthirteen ratingone fb for blackberry curve is  even better and works great in my iphone

lentwenty ratingone well the new update fixed speed and ui though i can't do any posts they just dont show up

lenseven ratingone / update/ i still cant post any status

lenseven ratingone could not post or share my post

lenfour ratingone unfortunately facebook was stop

lenfour ratingone samsung galaxy note 2 v 4

lentwentyfive ratingthree i've read through some reviews on the same phone model i have and everyine has the same problem as me, where are the pictures

lenfour ratingfive hoy no facebook dawnload

lensix ratingone now cant view pics at all

lenthirtyone ratingfour 2) everytime i want to view a photo from a liked page, it automatically shows the next photo or the next 2 photos that page put up earlier, very annoying, please fix this

lenten ratingone is selected, it still shows 6 hrs ago before 10 min ago

lenfour ratingone unable to load potos

lenten ratingtwo nd even after reading d notifications it still remains unchecked

lenfive ratingtwo plzzz fix these bugs soooon

lenten ratingthree how comic book guy would say it from the simpsons

lenthree ratingone constant "network errors"

lennine ratingone usually freezes when i try to comment or like

lennineteen ratingone this update sucks nothing loads takes forever and you have restart it many times for it to come up

lentwelve ratingone also says no internet connection when in full service or using wifi

lentwentysix ratingone we need access to the other inbox -- please create a shortcut so we can access the other inbox in the side menu on our facebook app

lensix ratingone or photos on friends on mobile

lentwelve ratingone we need to be able to hide posts from the mobile stream

lenfour ratingone cant search my pages

lenfour ratingthree prefer using my laptop

lenseven ratingone doesnt even let me download the app

lenthree ratingtwo contstant network errors

lenseven ratingone please fix or i am leaving facebook

lenfifteen ratingone now fb doesn't work at all on my phone the screen is just black

lennine ratingtwo why can't i share pictures in my timeline

lennine ratingone probably my alcatel ot890 is a little bit crapy (os 2

leneight ratingone 1, 2g network) but the factory app at least works

lensixteen ratingone yeah pls fix this app you ppl make more than enough money to gix this crap

lenfour ratingone statuses, updates, notificatuons, etc

lenfifteen ratingone ever since i downloaded this update it doesn't even open it just "force closes" >

leneleven ratingone news feed would only update if the app was force closed

lennine ratingone its always stalling and freezes my phone and nothing

leneight ratingthree is anyone else havin problems with pictures loading

leneight ratingone 'force close' appeared over 7 times in only 1 minute

leneight ratingone and now i cant log in fb anymore@

leneleven ratingtwo shiii i close the daaammm**** thing and go on the internet

lenseven ratingtwo >_< it makes me mad allll the time

lensix ratingfive invalid file everyday stop it plzz

lensixteen ratingtwo haven't been able to see pics people share and post for over two weeks now

lenten ratingtwo still waiting for a new update to fix this issue

lennine ratingtwo getting close to just deleting the app all together

lennine ratingfour it was too slow for my htc desire c

lentwelve ratingfour but it still have some problems with chatting not satisfied with app

lennine ratingfour pictures load faster but it keeps saying network error

lenten ratingone cut this crap n let us upload the photos u

lenfour ratingone useful useless application makers

lenthree ratingone ck facebook updates

lennineteen ratingone i though it was a developer's job to improve apps but really guy's are you that bored

lennineteen ratingone it take a long time to pull up my facebook page and i can't look at my facebook

lenseven ratingone very poor take forever to load comments

lennine ratingone always says error loading i just really hatee it

lenten ratingone two plus months and you refuse to fix the problem

lenseven ratingone no wonder ur stocks tanked so bad

lenthirteen ratingone seems to me ur app is for apple users not android users now

lentwentythree ratingthree since the update it is crazy hard and elaborate to create albums and upload pictures, which is 80% of what i use facebook for

lenfive ratingone pics take forever to load

lenthirteen ratingone 10  not changing # of stars and now still cant update the statuses as well

lentwelve ratingfour feels a bit sluggish when scrolling ;( but the speed has defiantly increased

lentwentytwo ratingfour the truth of the matter is facebook needs to put the same effort they put into ios that they put into android

leneight ratingone i uninstalled then reinstalled, worked like a champ

lennine ratingtwo using too much internal memory everytime you release updates

lenthree ratingfive uygulama sper hatta baz

lensix ratingfive berbat diyo ben galaxy mini kullan

lenthree ratingone bad bad bad

lentwentysix ratingone 1 in galaxy s3 n i hav kept option of chat availabiliy on during using the facebook app but i never appears online to my friends plz help

lenfive ratingone hi i m usin facebook 2

lentwentysix ratingone 1 in galaxy s3 n i hav kept option of chat availabiliy on during using the facebook app but i never appears online to my friends plz help

lenfour ratingfour a great ux overall

lenthirtyfour ratingfour but we could really use a few fixes like clicking the apps from the sidebar opens them in play store rather than opening the app itself (this happened when i tried to open soundcloud )

lenseven ratingthree because of uploading speed is very slow

lenten ratingone the worst after the last update, if you log off

leneight ratingone i hope the first virsion to be returned

lenseven ratingone im, like most people, a facebook addict

lensix ratingone wont even connect half the time

lensixteen ratingtwo when i try to back up out of a picture i have to press back 5 times

lentwelve ratingtwo sometimes when i opened the app its hang then go to crash

lenfour ratingtwo stay with previous version

lenthirtysix ratingthree if you have hundreds of friends who post a lot, the news feed keeps resetting every few seconds and you can never finish scrolling down to read the statuses before it goes back to the top

lenten ratingfive all works are automatically done here and automstic udates etc

lenfive ratingfive thnx fb snd thnx android

leneight ratingthree is anyone else havin problems with pictures loading

lentwentyfour ratingone it would be more efficient to engrave a rock and kick it over to their mailbox as to attempt to comment, like, or etc

lensix ratingone i can not change profile picture

lentwelve ratingone won't post updates the first time, have to copy, paste, repost

leneight ratingone are you purposely making this app suck balls

lensix ratingone sometimes it won't even load

leneleven ratingone pics don't load, comments don't load, won't refresh

lenseven ratingone everytime i try to use this app

lenfour ratingone stop making bad updates

lentwelve ratingtwo i keep jumping from yourself app to face book on the internet

lenseven ratingtwo either way your product is seriously frustrating

lenseven ratingtwo your app frequently doesn't allow comments

lennine ratingtwo the internet product ignores all my block settings etc

leneleven ratingtwo i am seriously thinking of not bothering anymore with mobile facebook

lenfive ratingone can't change cover picture

lentwentysix ratingfour i have apparently not the latest version of facebook app on my android device as it keeps trying to update it, but it says "unsufficient storage"

lentwenty ratingfour which is false, i do have a lot of storage available, and it's the online app to not update

lensixteen ratingfour all others have been updated with no problem, and fb keeps saying this for 2 weeks now

lenseven ratingone the simpler facebook was fast and easy

lensixteen ratingone do away with timeline also no video that is posted by my phone or anyone elses

lenten ratingone i know this stuff takes time but come on already

lensix ratingone app crashes when viewing photos etc

lensix ratingone app crashes when viewing photos etc

lentwelve ratingtwo it fb just decided to be wonky on this samsung galaxy s

lenfour ratingtwo will try uninstall/reinstall

lennine ratingfive ha with that nasty stuff please he took u

lenthree ratingfour pages  wont load

lenfour ratingone developer are requested plz

lenthree ratingone dsnt load anymore

lenten ratingone like facebook but it will not let me share pics

lenfourteen ratingthree i have the note and this app sucks, constant freezing, unable to upload etc

lenten ratingfour can't put photos on cover there is no camara

lennine ratingfour oh wait i fix it not yall#so aggervating

lentwentytwo ratingone i dont like how is working it just tell me to force close you got to fix it and its getting freeze>:(

lenfour ratingone - totally hate this app

lenthree ratingone es por favor

lensix ratingone cant c d pics at ol

leneight ratingone all updates takes up all the storage room

lenfive ratingone dont waan urs this aap

lenten ratingtwo i never had issues previously with any of those updates

leneight ratingthree its a love hate relationship with this app

lenthirteen ratingthree always have issues with fb but its the most used app i have

lenseven ratingthree it does keep getting better every update

lentwelve ratingthree on occasion, and it doesn't always update new posts/comments/etc

lennine ratingfive great app , fix the uploading pics on galaxy s 3

lentwentyone ratingthree and we want editing the comment ,,also i have problem when i write comment on my wall's post, samsung galaxy s2 4

lensix ratingone this is terrible for x10 mini pro

leneight ratingone pictures upload sometimes and sometimes they don't

lenseven ratingone i keep getting a no network connection

leneight ratingfour terrible,cant post,glitches every time i try

lensixteen ratingfour would give it zero due to having to uninstall or reboot and hope for the best

lenfour ratingfour fatally flawed this version

lenthree ratingthree consume more spacee

leneleven ratingone network error always though i have a excellent signal from wifi

leneleven ratingthree after first download everything works great but then pics dont show

lenfour ratingthree uninstalled app and reinstalled

lenfifteen ratingthree then after awhile pics disappearing installing and reinstalling is really  annoying and please fix this

lenten ratingfive n the pop upm notifications on the taskbar are awesome

lenfive ratingone don't want this bull

lenfive ratingtwo i bought a galaxy note 10

lensixteen ratingtwo 1 tablet hoping tbat facebook would be far easier to use when away from my laptop/desktop

lenseventeen ratingtwo sadly it's fair to say that the latest version of facebook on a samsung galaxy note 10

lenthirteen ratingtwo 1 is probably one of the worse experiences that i've had to endure

lennineteen ratingone i have these little white boxes everywhere and it won't let me get to my timeline, messages, etc

lenthirteen ratingone can pls pls pls fix the bugs on the fb app for android

lensix ratingone :(( using sony ericsson by the way

leneleven ratingone basically all i can do is scroll through the news feed

lenfive ratingone cant even check my notifications

leneleven ratingtwo 90% of the time when i click on a picture, it says

lennine ratingtwo it can not retrieve the photo at this time

lennine ratingone no location is recorded when posting a status update

lensix ratingone cantt upload pictures and post pictures

lensix ratingone eats lot of memory and battery

lenthirteen ratingone using the browser is much better than the app :p unistalling the app

leneight ratingone latest update is completely a piece of shit

lenseven ratingthree ok app but need to fix some

lenthirteen ratingone always in waiting mode, pics won't show up, posts don't post

leneight ratingthree one problem it always keep saying network error

lenthirtyone ratingthree facebook messageer works fine but i  use both because i upload pictures and stuff sp can u please fix that and o review this app again and give it a 5 star

lenfour ratingone via standard browser to

lenseven ratingone put the controls for us people who

leneight ratingone use facebook back in put hands  not yours

lenthree ratingtwo likes & comments delayed

lensix ratingone cannot see notifications from weeks ago

lentwelve ratingone get notifications late or either the just dont show up at all

lenthree ratingone app lags alot

leneight ratingone update should be better not make it worst

leneight ratingone it doesn't upload my status nor pictures

lenten ratingone really annoying that i can only upload pictures from instagram

lennineteen ratingtwo things cause it will unlike can't change timeline pic, slow & takes to long to load & look at pics

lenfourteen ratingone now when i upload pics i get an error yet the picture still uploads

lentwenty ratingone it doesn't refresh the way it used to, the location disappeared, and it's very delayed when sending notifications

lensix ratingone facebook apps is not responding right

lennine ratingone i can't post status on my wall now

lenfourteen ratingone what's the point of using the app if you can't see pictures

lenten ratingone i cant see pics, its slower && makes my phone sloww -

lentwentyone ratingone gonna delete      somehere, probably when i last updated fbook, the app autochecked the box for auto updates, which i never do

lennineteen ratingone ever since the last update i can't are any pix on the news feed or my profile page

lensix ratingone the cell tower thing is cute

leneight ratingthree keeps crashing when looking at pics and events

lentwentyone ratingthree :/ takes ages to get back on it and sometimes i have to restart my tab to get it to work again

lenten ratingtwo jusy updated the app and now it wont even load

lentwelve ratingone just can't post anything whether it be a photo or status

lenseven ratingone i'm trying to uninstall n reinstall

lenfive ratingone hasn't loaded for days

lenseventeen ratingone f'n ridiculous can't even use it for more than 5 minutes before it force closes ;c

leneighteen ratingone it also only gives me my others notifications when you i clear my data/force stop the application

lenseven ratingone mobile pictures or only on old albums

leneight ratingone half of my news feed doesn't appear

lensix ratingone i can't view comment threads

lentwentyseven ratingthree I never posted a low review of the Facebook app before because even though it didn't do everything I wanted it to, at least it worked.

lentwo ratingfour Excellent app.....

leneight ratingone When this app went native, it was fine.

lensix ratingone Two updates afterwards, its HORRIBLE again.

leneleven ratingone The worst app I've ever had the displeasure of downloading.

lenseven ratingone Surely it should be better than this?

lenfour ratingone This last update sucks!

lenfour ratingone I hate this app.

leneighteen ratingthree if I use facebook on my phone but with the browser not the app everything shows up fine

leneight ratingone Didnt even want to give it one star.

lenten ratingtwo But a good in disguise is the page loads faster

lenseven ratingone not satisfied with the app right now

lenfour ratingtwo This app is garbage.

lenthree ratingone Worst update ever..

lentwentyone ratingfour After using this on the Droid X, CyanogenMod 7 and 10 (Nook color), and Droid Razr HD, still product seems stable for me.

lennine ratingfour I love facebook i wil never stop using facebook

lenfour ratingone This app is beat.

lenfive ratingone The last verison was better.

leneight ratingone Everything worked fine until about a week ago.

leneight ratingone After an update it becames annoying and useless...

lenfive ratingfour Nothing more need Be said.

lennine ratingone You cant change it evertime its updated it sucks.

lenseven ratingone Why fix something that wasn't broken??

lenthree ratingone Facebook app sucks!

lenthree ratingone Worse update ever

lenten ratingone restarted phone still no work I am seriously not happy!

lenthree ratingone Doesn't update.

lenseven ratingone I'm using the web page now.

lennine ratingone How long will it take to fix this bug????

lentwentyfour ratingone I can only assume that a company with the resources of FB would release an app when it does what they want it to.

lennineteen ratingone Which leads to the  question of why would you want to release an app that's a complete mess?

lenthree ratingone Lousy Share implementation?

lensix ratingone shame they call it an update!!!

lentwo ratingone Seriously unhappy.

leneight ratingthree In a MOBILE app that is incredibly lame.

lennine ratingone The past two upgrades have made Facebook run horribly.

lennine ratingone Please revert to old version that actually was reliable.

lenthirteen ratingtwo This update is taking years to open due to this airtime is wasting....

lentwelve ratingfour I really good for people who are not on computers a lot.

lenseventeen ratingthree App is very sluggish does what it's supposed to but with every update it gets worse.

leneight ratingone Earlier version was little bit faster than this..

lenfive ratingone It should be corrected asap..

lentwo ratingone Updates sucks...

lenten ratingone You are currently the #1 social networking site in the world...

lennine ratingone im deleting my account if this isn't fixed!!!!

lensix ratingone Very bad, fix all the bugs!!!!!!

lensix ratingtwo u guys nid to fix this!

lennine ratingthree This app is just a wrapper for the website.

lenfifteen ratingthree If you want to satisfy users (and raise your stock prices) fix your mobile apps.

lenten ratingthree Otherwise people may move to google+, which is gaining ground.

lenthirteen ratingthree Mobile browsing is now bigger than computer browsing, and your screwing it up.

lenthree ratingone Time to UNINSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

lenfour ratingone I hate fb app..

lensix ratingtwo It's a very irritating app.

lenfive ratingtwo That may lose your temper.

lenfifteen ratingone So facebook, you had a really good update so why'd you make another one?

lenfive ratingone Facebook is really crappy now.

lenseven ratingone It was working fine until I updated.

leneight ratingone It's better to access fb via browser...

lenfifteen ratingone There are no regular updates from d developers even d updates didn't change much..

lentwenty ratingone Yes, I use Facebook, but there are better alternatives for using it on Android, thanks to FB's developers API.

lenfive ratingone Wait for the next version.

lensix ratingone This most recent update is AWFUL.

lentwentyseven ratingtwo The privacy invasion of this app make me often use the fb site from my phone b/c of the list of when everyone was last on.

leneight ratingone you guys fix a problem n create another.

lensix ratingone update made it worster thn evr.......

lenten ratingone one of the must commonly used apps that people use.

lentwo ratingone CHOPPER EXCHANGE.

leneight ratingone Fix it or im getting rid of it.

lenseven ratingone Thougth updates were supposed to improve things?????

lenseven ratingtwo I'm sick of this crap app.

lentwo ratingtwo seriously Mark!!

lenfive ratingone it worked besutifully for awhile.

lenten ratingone These kind of errors should not be happening from Facebook.

lenfifteen ratingfour Now I can go to Facebook with out searchon the internet and it is faster .

lenfour ratingone It behaves like malware.

leneight ratingone Please fix because overall the app is great.

lensix ratingtwo I do not like this "update."

lensixteen ratingfour Its better than gettin on the internet when you could just get on it on demand

lensix ratingone Looking forward to it being fixed.

lenthree ratingtwo Great on iphones?!

lenseven ratingtwo Please fix this issue for android users!!!

lenfourteen ratingone So I'm re installing it, hopefully it'll actually let me go on.

lennine ratingone This has to be the worst app i have...

lennine ratingone Agree with all the bad reviews of this app.

lenseven ratingone The last update made the app useless.

lenten ratingone My girlfriend has the same issue on her nexus s.

lenten ratingone Fix it bc I'm about to delete the app.

leneight ratingthree Upgraded my phone, have a Samsung Galaxy S2 now.

lenfifteen ratingthree It still gives me problems once in awhile, but not enough to uninstall the app.

leneleven ratingone I always send the error report and obviously nothing gets fixed.

lenfive ratingone Such a piece of krap.

lennine ratingone Im about to not even use fb any more

leneight ratingone Almost speechless on how bad this app is...!

lensix ratingtwo pls fix this bug FB team..

lenfive ratingone hope you guys fix it...

lentwo ratingone Poor app

lenten ratingone Test connection on browser or other apps, everything is ok.

lennine ratingone This is a critical bug, pls fix it soon.

lennine ratingone So many updates and none have fixed the problem.

lentwenty ratingone Yeah, i don't want to look at photos anyways, so your app is pretty helpful in that regard (sarcasms).

leneight ratingone You are making it into a bad app!

lennine ratingone This app is getting worse and worse each day.

lentwelve ratingthree This app has improved however, it still has a way to go.

lenthirteen ratingthree I long for an app with the stability and functionality of the website.

lensix ratingthree Keep up the progress developer team.

lenfour ratingone Needs an update asap.....

lensix ratingtwo Every update gets worse and worse...

lennine ratingthree Fix this and we'll all be much happier.

lenseven ratingone The most recent update is so awful.

leneleven ratingone The update before the most recent was by far the best.

lentwelve ratingone I dont see how the updates make tis app better of faster.

lensix ratingtwo Doesnt let me update the app!

leneight ratingtwo Facebook and google need to start getting along.

lenthree ratingfour Fb is great

lennine ratingtwo I am uninstalling this app and going to Friendcaster.

lentwelve ratingone Only way to fix for me was to un install the app.

lennine ratingone Fb for android is consistently getting worse and worse.

lenseven ratingone I mean seriously people fix it already.

leneleven ratingone Don't know why it works this way, but very annoying.

lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.

lenfour ratingone Need a new update!

lenfive ratingtwo Pretty crappy for galaxy siii

lenten ratingone Stop trying to make money and make your apps work?

lenseven ratingone Always something with this piece of crap..

lennineteen ratingfour I was trying to uninstall my facebook app because it was so crappy when I came across this update.

lenseven ratingfour I absolutely love my facebook app now!

lenseven ratingfour No more mobile internet Facebook  for me;-)

lenfour ratingone App is useless now!

lensix ratingone You had that in previous versions.

lentwelve ratingone Every new update comes with a new error to the facebook app

lenthirteen ratingthree The Facebook App is improved from before, I enjoy the faster picture loading.

lenten ratingtwo but we all know FB would never be that considerate.

lentwo ratingone Pathetic update

lentwentynine ratingone This piece of carp app is sheet it's forking frustrating it was fine when they originally released the major update but now it's a piece of sheet.

lenfive ratingone Fix your sheet Facebook developers.

lenseven ratingone I prefer use my old facebook app....

leneight ratingthree Other then that its still a great app.

lenten ratingtwo Commenting on a photo from mobile is good and working ...

lennine ratingtwo need a solution for this A. S. A. P

lenfive ratingone Look I''ll be honest.....

leneight ratingone I like the new look, feel and features....

leneleven ratingone No matter the update, it never works right on my phone.

lenthree ratingone This app sucks!!!

leneight ratingone And is there anyway to contact the developers?

lenfour ratingone And is completely annoying.

lentwo ratingfour nice apps....

leneight ratingfour Facebook on android is getting poorer and poorer!

lenseven ratingfour $60billion company can't get an app right!

lensix ratingfour Significant improvement since version 1.0 or so.

lenfour ratingtwo You're getting there...

lenten ratingone Pleaseee FIX and will rate again based on the fix.

leneight ratingtwo I am totally fed up after updating it...

lensix ratingtwo The last version was much better...

lenthirteen ratingone I don't like it at all, I want the old version please!!

lenten ratingone Cmon guys I know you can do better than this.

lenthree ratingone THIS UPDATE SUCKS!!!!!

lenfourteen ratingone I WOULD ACTUALLY PAY MONEY TO DELETE THIS UPDATE, I HATE IT THIS MUCH!!!!

leneight ratingtwo With every update the app gets worse & worse..

lensix ratingone Last view updates have been junk.

leneighteen ratingone Apparently you all just don't have time for us or have the courtesy to fix our problems.

lenfive ratingone I'm uninstalling this app..

lenfive ratingfour People just need to relax.

lenthirteen ratingfour It is not going to be able to do everything a computer can.

leneight ratingfour The app itself has gotten a lot faster.

lenseven ratingfour But that is not facebook's fault.

lenseven ratingfour Love the features they are adding too.

lenseven ratingone Just updated this app and guess what?

lenfour ratingone This app just SHITY!!!!!!

lenthirteen ratingone The app is free, I would hate to have to pay for it!!!!!!

lennine ratingone Agree with everything every one else had said here.

lennine ratingone I recommend others not to update to this version.

lenfour ratingthree A little bit Better

lenthirteen ratingthree What's the point in that feature if it's wrong every time!?

lensix ratingfour Am in luv with this app

lenthirteen ratingthree The new updated version of FB is freaking the nuts out of me.

lentwenty ratingthree If I'm putting a comment against a pic or an update, why the hell can't I remove it??

lenthirteen ratingone I think its time to go back to basics because this app sucks.

lenten ratingfour App is way easier to use  than my Web browser

lentwo ratingone Bad update

leneight ratingthree Better than previous updates, but still not great.

lensixteen ratingthree It's working today but I've learned not to update if it can be helped.

lenthree ratingfour A lot better!

lenfourteen ratingfour Sharing to other pages is fantastic, thanks for finally adding share and share options

lenthree ratingfour Update is ok..

lensixteen ratingfour Everyone is telling a problem but there is no problem for me it just works better

lenten ratingtwo I usually love the Facebook app on my Samsung Galaxy.

lenfour ratingfour Heads off for jekerburg

lentwelve ratingthree Just as FB stocks continue to plummet, so does it's updates!!

lentwo ratingone Awful app!

lentwo ratingfour Excellent functionality.

lenseven ratingfour Doesn't freeze on my pantech burst.

lenfour ratingone Love the new update.

lenseven ratingone Do somethin fast and fix da issue!

lensix ratingone No stars for u guys, today...

lenfourteen ratingone Why not scratch this entire app and design a new one that actually works.

lenseven ratingfour This wasnt this way before the update!

leneighteen ratingthree I was so excited when the newest update came up because I thought it would fix the problem.

lenfour ratingfour No idea what happened...

lenthree ratingfour Sharing is awesome

lentwelve ratingone I like that I can use the app for about ten minutes.

lenfour ratingone I hate this update.

lenfourteen ratingthree There seems to be a lot of reviews on how bad the updates are

lennine ratingfour I seriously can't believe it's this smooth!

lensix ratingfour You should definitely fix it soon.

lensix ratingthree Its been alot better since update!

leneleven ratingthree still d andriod app is really missing lot of interesting feature..

lenseven ratingone There is nothing wrong with my phone.

lenfourteen ratingone I Cant send pictures threw messages and it always says network error it sucks.

lenfourteen ratingone My I phone version was way better this don't even deserve a rate!

lenthirteen ratingtwo Only works for like 2 minutes before messing up the rest of the day!

lentwo ratingone 12-20-12 update sucks!

lenthirteen ratingone All functionality seems to be here,  including deleting posts,  sharing,  seeing online contacts.

lensixteen ratingone Needs to be fixed but don't rush it, take your time and fix it correctly.

lensix ratingtwo im better off browsing thru chrome.

lenseven ratingone Seriously, the last update was before christmas!

lensix ratingfour Its cool,jus needs to update.

lentwo ratingone terrible update.

lenseven ratingone Worked just fine until the last update!

lenten ratingtwo The only thing i can do is write a comment.

leneight ratingtwo It was fine before, stop updating without improving.

lensix ratingfour Only one request for next updat .

lenseven ratingfour It only thing missing in this app .

lensix ratingone This is the worst version ever.

lenfive ratingone Im using the samsung galaxy s3.

lennine ratingone Since then i cant get fb to work properly.

lentwenty ratingthree Still alot of work needs to be done but all In all it's looking like a great FB Application.

lenfive ratingone This app is a disgrace!

lensix ratingone I use the mobile website instead.

lenfour ratingone Easily worst app available.

lenfive ratingtwo Worked great till last update.

lenthree ratingone New facebook sucks:/

lenfour ratingone Are you serious Faceboo?

lensix ratingone to take my phone into service.

leneight ratingthree Needs a lot of work done too Facebook

lentwentyfour ratingfour Would rate 5 stars but always room for improvement,great game to play especially with fam in different states a way to do something together.

lenfour ratingfour I love this application

lennine ratingone I'm begging you to pretty please fix this.

lenthree ratingone I need FB.

lenfifteen ratingone I run a lost and found pets page that has over a thousand people joined.

lensix ratingone Have to resort to web version.

lenfour ratingone So sorry I updated.

leneight ratingone I wish I could go back an update.

lenfive ratingone You ruined my facebook app!

lentwelve ratingone I thought uninstalling the app and downloading it again would maybe help.

lenten ratingone Please correct the problems associated with the most recent update.

lenseven ratingone Just revert back to the old version.

lenseven ratingone Have reinstalled 3 times and still having problems.

lenfive ratingone The old version was fine!

lenfour ratingone I've installed, reinstalled.

lennine ratingone On the beginig this app was perfect,now worst.

lenthirteen ratingtwo Wish I could go back to the previous version Liked items unlike themselves.

lenfourteen ratingtwo Why update in the first place,  if it ain't broke dont fix it.

lenfour ratingone The worst update ever.

lensix ratingone hope you ll fix it asap!!

lenseven ratingone and a lot of features working bad.

lenfive ratingtwo Deleted and reinstalled several times.

lennine ratingone The iphone app keeps getting better treatment than Android.

lenseven ratingfour :-)  :-D a smile says more dan words.

lentwentyfive ratingone Originally  reviewed when first released and scored one star and here we are a few years later and several devices later and still one star!

lenfour ratingone Latest update is appaulling.

lenseven ratingone I'm tired of this app ughh!!

lenseven ratingone This new Facebook update sucks really badly

lenseven ratingone won't work on my LGoptimus tablet

leneleven ratingtwo Every update makes the app more worst then what it is.

lensix ratingtwo Bring back the the previous version!!

lenfour ratingfour Must for FB user.

lentwentyfour ratingone If you have the regular Facebook on your device and its asking you to update, please don't it because you will regret it.

lenten ratingone This new Facebook app is the worse I ever used.

lentwo ratingthree Super app.

lentwelve ratingthree Please fix this problem else suuggest me ways to rectify this error.

leneleven ratingone I am ready to delete FB from my phone all together.

leneight ratingone How many complaints must you recieve before updating??

lennine ratingone I am close to uninstalling & going back to Friendcaster.

lensix ratingone not a hard desicion to make!

lentwelve ratingone Prefer to use a browser to check my Facebook than this aspp.

leneleven ratingone Please in next update fix these problems, and you'll get 5stars!!

lenfive ratingone Hot, steaming pile of trash!

lenthirteen ratingone Used to work really well, has gotten progressively worse with each alleged update.

lentwo ratingfour Fb updated

lenfour ratingone Wish I never updated!!

lensixteen ratingthree An official app is always perfect but i have a problem to share with the developers.

leneleven ratingfour Its ok no were near as good as the iphone 1 though

lenfive ratingtwo FIRE WHOEVER JACKED IT UP!!

lenthree ratingone Sucks so bad!!

lentwentyone ratingone There are many things I could tell you about why this is such an awful app, but many are already addressed.

lenthirteen ratingone Thus this app was deleted not more than 2 days after it was downloaded.

lenthirteen ratingone No other app has this issue and you are a billion dollar company.

leneight ratingone This app gets worse more it gets updated.

lentwelve ratingone Waiting for the next update to see if it has been fixed.

lenfive ratingone sent from my xperia neoL

lenfive ratingone I have a samsung galaxy.

lensix ratingone Facebook, you've done it again.

lentwenty ratingfour Hauwei This app is a piece of crap it wont even work anymore, I used to love it, PLEASE FIX!!

lenfifteen ratingthree The update fixed A LOT of the reasons I initially gave the app one star.

lensix ratingthree Outstanding work on the new version.

lenseven ratingfour Facebook add me kira so fn badd

lensix ratingone Everytime you update something is wrong !

leneight ratingone Everything was fine until the most recent update.

lennine ratingfour I logout of my FB every once in awhile.

leneleven ratingone Okay ever since the update this stupid thing does not work.

lenfour ratingone What's happened recently?

lenfour ratingfour good app try this

lensix ratingtwo App gets worse with every update!

lentwelve ratingtwo I just went with the factory version that came with my phone!

lenfour ratingone Like to git dis $h1t.

lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.

lenten ratingone okay seriously can you guys just leave well enough alone?

lentwelve ratingtwo but other than that i like the app and it works fine.

lennine ratingone Last version was way better than the new one.

lenfive ratingone Cant do anything i like.

lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.

leneighteen ratingone I literally have to use my browser and go on Facebook to do any of these simple things!

lenseven ratingone It's just a little bit ridiculous.

lentwelve ratingthree The speed is better, but it's still has to many errors.

lenthree ratingone New version sucks

lenfifteen ratingone It's getting to the point where all these updates are actually hurting the app.

lennineteen ratingtwo Shows what it pleases, when it pleases, and takes very little notice of what you ask it to do.

lentwo ratingfour Nice application......

lenfive ratingtwo So good bye for awhile.

lensix ratingone The Facebook app is truly rubbish.

lentwo ratingone Totally useless!

lensix ratingfour Have to turn on laptop everytime....

leneight ratingone I am not happy with this latest version.

lennine ratingone Much easier to go on facebook with my browser.

lentwelve ratingthree Tweeter application is much better to load ans save the data syncronisation.

lentwentytwo ratingone are you sure that you aren't part of Microsoft as this is the kind of shambolic update they would send out.

leneight ratingfour Good lets me talk to my friend so

lentwo ratingthree Getting better.

lenthree ratingfour Update is brilliant..

lenfourteen ratingtwo I really wish I could uninstall this update because of how much it sucks.

lenten ratingtwo Please either fix this or get rid of the update.

lensix ratingfour This is ma fav app eva

leneight ratingone garbage, and why does it say "TOP DEVELOPER"?!

lentwelve ratingfour Great way to keep in touch with people all over the globe

lensix ratingfour The new message chat is great!!

lenthirteen ratingfour I would say it gives superv interface layer out which is too good.

lensix ratingfour Do this n ill rate 5 stars

lenfive ratingfour The android app is awesome

leneleven ratingone I actually waited a year since i last downloaded this app.

lenthree ratingone Its worse somehow.

lentwo ratingone Facebook SUCKS!

leneleven ratingone Shittiest app ever if I could I would give it -5 stars.

lenten ratingfour I don't see any problems with the latest update.

leneleven ratingfour Seems to be a lot quicker and like the new layout.

lentwo ratingone Super annoying.

lenfive ratingone This app really is sh**

lenten ratingtwo The Facebook app is not consistent with desktop's formula.

lentwelve ratingtwo As a developer,  they really need to test these updates before releasing.

leneight ratingtwo Stop fixing it if it's not broken.

leneight ratingfour Simple and it has all the important functions.

leneight ratingone This app was fantastic before the last update

lenseven ratingthree Not all that bad it is nice

leneight ratingone Use the browser version or a 3rd party app

lennine ratingtwo Good app but I've chosen to unistall vs.

lensix ratingone I completly unhappy with this app.

leneight ratingone Terrible and it needs fixing bad and fast.

lentwelve ratingone I just use a book mark now much easier and actually works.

lenfive ratingfour The updates are always terrible.

lennineteen ratingfour Instead of moving the gui around a thousand times, how about you work on how the actual app runs.

lenfour ratingthree I choose second update..

lensixteen ratingone I get million updates for the app and not one has improved it what so ever...

leneleven ratingone This is the most unfriendly app I have on my note 10.1.

lenten ratingone After every update, its still has alot of technical issues.

leneight ratingone Pooooor  trust mr dont download its a junk

lenten ratingthree Yes I have full bars for 4G or a WiFi connection.

lennine ratingfour Pix load faster & love ability to Share friends posts.

lenseven ratingfour For eg-view photos,profiles,videos etc.

lenfive ratingfour Edit: best update for far.

leneight ratingfour But this new update for android is amazing.

lenfive ratingone Comments and images load quick.

lenseven ratingone I like the little pop up windows.

lensix ratingthree Yup it's worth a short

lenthree ratingone Need more improvements..

lentwentyone ratingfour I had entirely given up on the app, then I heard about the rewrite and opted to give it a try.

lentwo ratingfour Super fast.

leneight ratingfour Fly outs are cool and don't lag.

lenseven ratingthree Work on that and 5 stars all day

lenfour ratingfour Otherwise it's fine.

leneight ratingfour The new update made it pretty much perfect

leneleven ratingone Don't u test these "updates" before u sent them out?

leneleven ratingone It would b nice if u worked out the bugs first....

leneight ratingone If I could give zero stars I would.

lennine ratingone This would be the 3rd time I installed this soon.

lensix ratingone getting tired of uninstalling then installing.

lenfour ratingone This update is bad..

lenfive ratingone Das ofensiv, im teling Fuckerbrug.

lentwo ratingfour Finally native!!!

leneighteen ratingone Giving one star because I think this is the worst app facebook has came out with so far.

lenfive ratingone Very unhappy with this app.

lennine ratingfour wonderful update, you have done all what was needed.

lenfourteen ratingone I think its going to work better with every uodate and its worse everytime!!!!!

lennine ratingfour Meet to ur friends tho see r very far

leneleven ratingone Was ok until i updated this app and now its useless.

lenthirteen ratingtwo I have to shut down and restart Facebook to get it working again.

leneight ratingtwo But browser and other internet apps work fine.

lenfive ratingfour Go ahead and download it!

lenthree ratingone The worst update!!!!

lensix ratingfour This is an most wonderful app

lenseven ratingthree If i select it i want it!

leneight ratingthree Overall newest update has helped with other issues.

lenthirteen ratingone Ok this update is cool and fast but what about the crashing problem!!

lenthree ratingone Worse facebook app :(

lenthree ratingfour More user friendly

leneleven ratingone Why change something that was working cone on FB fix it.

lentwentyfive ratingfour Keeps getting sooo close to 5 stars as soon as something I would like becomes integrated and the app gets updated, I feel I lose something.

leneight ratingfour Fix that back and it'll be 5 stars!

lentwentynine ratingone With this new update, it's not updating on its own, have to access the app every time to update it, silly update,has gone from bad to worse :@

lenfive ratingtwo Makes fb a bad expirience!

lentwentytwo ratingone with every update it gets worse do a down date back to the start of the year when this app actually worked

lenseven ratingone this new updates given a hard time.

lenten ratingone New updates are crap and almost nothing works properly anymore.

lenthirteen ratingthree I'll save the programmers the trouble and shoot myself in the head.

leneight ratingthree Don't download this, go for something else.

lenthree ratingthree Flipboard is better.  :-\

lenseventeen ratingtwo The new update is bullshit, the app was worth 4 stars in my oppinoin before the new update.

lentwo ratingone Bad update

lenseven ratingtwo Can u guys pls fix this ASAP?

lenten ratingtwo It's years  behind  in ui design compared with competition.

lenfive ratingtwo Same performance not much improvement.

lenseven ratingone Uninstalled and re-installed with no change.

lenten ratingone FB app dev : Don't fix what's not broken.

lentwo ratingone HORRIBLE APP..

leneight ratingone DON'T  WAIST YOUR TIME OR DATA DOWNLOADING !

lensix ratingone Why is Facebook still like this?

lenfive ratingfour Im thinking about deleting this

lentwentynine ratingone I've reached the point where I'm so frustrated with what is essentially a nonfunctional app that I'm almost ready to permanently remove it from my phone.

leneleven ratingone Too much "new" stuff on the app, not enough bug fixes.

lensix ratingfour hopeless new update is very poor

lennine ratingone Is Facebook scripts and aps written by 9 year olds?

lentwo ratingone Bravo Facebook.

lentwelve ratingone It is very sad to say that cant even update fb now.

lenthree ratingone All previous sucked.

lenseven ratingone Am really depressed by the fb makers.

lenfour ratingfour I like the facebook

lenfour ratingone It's taking ages

lenthirteen ratingfour I have not had any problems with this app and I LOVE it!

lenseven ratingone And the stupid updates makes it worse :(

lensix ratingone This Update was a total disaster!

lentwenty ratingone What the hell is going on here now, its all gone belly up it's freaking laughable just awfull EXPERIENCE.

leneight ratingfour Pictures load seamlessly when clicked and also profiles.

lennine ratingone try to make at least one basic feature work.

lenten ratingfour I've  a trouble when i want to update it ;)

lenthree ratingone Worst upgrade ever.

lenseven ratingone Fire all your engineers because they suck.

leneight ratingtwo Annoying to say the least, and borderline broken.

lenseven ratingfour Very good one Thnx for the update

lenten ratingfour Its a great way to stay incontact with love ones.

lenthree ratingone Worst update ever...

lentwelve ratingone Im deleting the app and just using my web browser for fb.

leneight ratingone Whatever the update did screwed it all up.

leneight ratingone Will never download again until issues are handled

lentwo ratingone Terrible App!!!!

leneight ratingone Such a bullshit app from a big company.

lennine ratingone Please do something before I kill an innocent ant.

lensix ratingone Why dose bacon taste so good?

lentwentyone ratingone I guess you guys were upset that the last version was overall your best version, so you effed up the update..

lenfive ratingone Beginning to hate this app.

leneight ratingtwo That was one thing better than iPhone app!!

lenfive ratingone Each update causes more problems.

lenfive ratingfour Oh yah this amazing program

lenfive ratingone This is very bad app

lenfourteen ratingfour Love it love the lay out the new settings so much faster good job

leneight ratingfour Its ok but not too good to appreciate..

lenthree ratingone No bloody impressed.

lenfive ratingone Nd I have full service !!

lentwo ratingtwo Terribly glitchy.

leneight ratingone My fb has never been suckier than now.

lensixteen ratingone Facebook app always a problem on Android you think Facebook would figure this out by now.

lenten ratingone There's no problem wih my phone or interent connection.

leneighteen ratingone I never had any problems with the app until the update and I would think twice before updating!

lenthree ratingone Worst app ever!!!!!!

lenfour ratingfour Besides that works great

lenfive ratingone This new update is horrible...

lenseven ratingone I'm about to delete my account!!

lenseven ratingfour Love it as it gives fastest connectivity ...

leneight ratingone This Facebook app really needs alot if work.

leneleven ratingfour I will give five stars if the keep improving the app

lenthirteen ratingone why don't you try it yourself before you make the update available???

leneight ratingfour This is how I talk to my Niggia

lentwo ratingfour Excellent app

lenfourteen ratingfour I didn't find it as bad, its quite well functional in my xperia x10

lenseven ratingthree Its getting better since the last updated..

lenfive ratingone Was okay before the update.

lenfifteen ratingfour After the last update it has become fast and more easy to comment and like

lensix ratingfour Work much more better than before

lensix ratingtwo the update really is so poor..

lentwelve ratingtwo but on the other hand it is faster than the old version.

lensix ratingthree Fast loading is the best improvement.

leneleven ratingone Facebook is one of the most popular parts of modern America.

lennine ratingone How the Hell is this the worst app EVER?!?!?

lenfifteen ratingthree I have a Droid, so I don't know if iPhone users can do it.

lennine ratingone This update is worse than the already glitchy ap.

lensix ratingone Wish I could give minus stars

lenfive ratingfour Now is bag problem Facebook

lenfive ratingthree Seems quicker and more stable

lenfive ratingfour help share with friends easyer

leneleven ratingone wish I stuck with the old verson which was running fine.

lenseven ratingone nothink seems to work on this update

lensix ratingone Most popular site has worst app.

leneleven ratingtwo The new Facebook update is terrible (worse than the mobile site)!

lenseventeen ratingtwo They have taken out some of the good things that used to be in the previous updates;

lenseven ratingtwo Please add more on the next update.

lenfifteen ratingfour Updates do a bare minimum, or nothing at all, fixing none of the main problems.

lentwo ratingfour Absolutelly 5 stars.

lenten ratingthree It seems to work good now we'll see tho

lenfive ratingone This happened after the update.
lenseven ratingone sooo frustrati/g,  i really dislike it!  :(
lentwenty ratingone cannot erase post if you make a mistake can't like post you have to keep pushing the like button
lenfive ratingone my posts never go thru.
leneight ratingone it always says it had a connection error.
lensix ratingone same with trying to view pics.
leneight ratingone looks like others are having the same problem.
lenseven ratingone so why hasn't it been fixed?
lenthree ratingone waste of space!
lenfour ratingone won't load pictures!
lenfour ratingone freezee and force closes!
leneight ratingone also wont let me delete my own comments
lenfive ratingone this app really stinks now.
lenthree ratingone please fix it.
leneleven ratingone my pictures and updates won't show up on my timeline!
lenfive ratingtwo doesn't let me post!
lenfive ratingtwo only one i can download?
lenfive ratingfour cool and best after upgrade.
lenfour ratingthree i have a nexus 4.
leneleven ratingthree how can i sync facebook profile pics to my contacts list?
leneight ratingtwo need confirm yes no query when exiting app.
lensix ratingtwo keep pressing back key by mistake.
lensixteen ratingtwo cant select and copy text  cant save images easily like ios by long pressing on image
lennineteen ratingtwo its good app, but please make it to move to sd card as it consumes 30mb space on my phone.
lennine ratingone this app is so god awful, it offends me.
lensixteen ratingone facebooks has millions of dollars and your developers cant even release a half way decent app.
lensix ratingone now the app wont even load.
lenten ratingone get it together facebook, stop treating your members like crap!
lennineteen ratingone mu  i can't mention people i'm disappointed much bettet if i don't update it really sich
lenfive ratingone needs to be badly upgraded.
lentwentytwo ratingone photos rarely open, have to close the app to refresh it and even then most of the time it won't work.
lenfive ratingone needs a lot of work.
lensix ratingone just sucks in so many ways
lenthree ratingone its super slow!
lenseven ratingone never tells me when i have notifications.
lenfourteen ratingone it is so frustrating it has almost managed to put me off facebook altogether!
lenten ratingfive the app is geat but takes for ever to download
lenfourteen ratingone every time it updates it gets shitier and shitier now it just keeps crashing
lenseventeen ratingthree y is it that on iphone, users can save photos but from android phones it is impossible?
lenthirtyseven ratingthree even on another chat app, wechat, on their social media page, we can just tap and hold on the picture and the option of saving the photo pops up, just like how it is on ios is.
lenfive ratingthree please check and update soonest!
lensix ratingone network error, network error, network error.
lensix ratingone that's all i get now!
lenfour ratingone i can access anything.
lenthree ratingone please fix it.
lensix ratingone not my network or my android.
lenthree ratingone everything works perfect.
lenthree ratingtwo help needs fixed
lentwentyfour ratingone all i use facebook for anymore us keeping in touch with family, and i can't do that at all with this garbage app.
lenthirtysix ratingthree great app its just when i update a status its say via mobile instead of what city i'm in i would love my friends to know i'm in their town so please change that
leneleven ratingone this is by far the worst upgrade i have ever had.
lenfive ratingone think there is a problem?
lentwentyone ratingthree not bad, but am i missing the trick as to how i have the news feed in order of it happening?
lenfourteen ratingthree pls pls pls sort this out, it would hugely imprive things in my opinion!
lenthirteen ratingthree if you know how to do it for the app pls post something
lenten ratingtwo i just unistall and install to work properlyy is sucks!
lentwo ratingtwo htc thunderbolt 2.3
lentwo ratingfive pivot zotamou
lenseventeen ratingtwo ill give it two stars just because i have too keep unistalling it because it keeps crashing;(!
lenten ratingtwo cannot change cover photo or delete/edit own comments anymore.
leneighteen ratingtwo very poor and so sick of the stupid frickin updates to fix one thing and feck up another!
lenseven ratingtwo keeps on freezing once and a while
lenthree ratingone it deserves 1 star (;
lenfour ratingtwo like really, really slow.
lenthirtyfive ratingone for example anyone running 4.1+ is in one group so a fb app just for that would address and fix issues for phones such as my note2 without compromising the functionality of phones with older android os
lentwentytwo ratingthree now all it needs is the abilities to share status', share to other people's walls and pages, and copy/paste function.
lenfourteen ratingthree i cant share to my own group, or anywhere but my own wall.ugh
leneleven ratingone show photo album name photo was uploaded to on facebook page
lenfive ratingone doesn't even work anymore.
lenten ratingone slow, crashes, easier to access facebook from my mobile browser.
lenthree ratingfive nice one 2 use
lensix ratingone facebook will not refresh my newsfeed.
lenfifteen ratingone i will manually refresh and it gets stuck on loading and will not display anything.
lenseven ratingone it freezes and crashes when browsing pics.
lentwelve ratingone also, this version will not let me delete a post or comment.
lensixteen ratingone i have to open it in a browser and go to full site to do that.
lensix ratingone needs a new update or something.
leneight ratingone its so slow and freezes all the time
lenthree ratingone its become unusable.
lentwo ratingone stupid facebook.
lennine ratingone my data connection is good with every other function.
lenfour ratingone fix this app please!
lenthirteen ratingthree it wont show my location when i post an update or upload picture.
lentwentyfour ratingthree it shows my location when i type but it disappeares once the update is posted and it just says 'via mobile'  please fix this.
lensix ratingtwo could use a lot of improving /:
lenfive ratingtwo always freezing up and foreclosing!
leneleven ratingone just downgraded to 1 star, wish there was a no star rating.
lenthirteen ratingone so many awful reviews from android users & still no reverse or new updates.
leneighteen ratingone first review was: another bugged app update that now won't load up comments or user home pages.
lenthree ratingone "network connection error".
lentwentyone ratingone for such a huge corporation you get no points for rolling out dysfunctional software and should be ashamed of your app.
lenfifteen ratingone never in my years of using facebook have i ever hsd so many network errors!
lenfive ratingone horrible and entirely to slow.
lentwo ratingfive great app
lensix ratingthree needs to speed up always  freezes
lenfour ratingthree seems to always freeze
lensix ratingfive use it , what else is ther ?
lentwelve ratingone unlike the previous version i lose text before i could post it.
lentwenty ratingone if you just happened to move your finger a touch any area outside of the comment box your text disappears.
lenseven ratingone the older version this didn't happen.
lentwo ratingfour awsme update
lenseventeen ratingthree keeps saying network error and, no network connection but i'm on wifi and my carrier network
leneight ratingone jesus updated and now i can't login
lentwo ratingone juz stupid
lentwo ratingfive good  update
leneleven ratingthree back button doesn't work when viewing images after last update
lentwo ratingfive nice application
leneight ratingthree this don't even let me log in.
lensix ratingthree it went from good to bad.
lenfour ratingthree it crashes every  second.
lentwo ratingthree fix please!
lenthirteen ratingthree force closes a lot doesnt have to delete comment pics sometimes take forever.
lenfive ratingfive superb app its very usefull.
leneight ratingone i cant even post statuses on here horrible
lenthirteen ratingone n the worse thing is ppl u dont like trys n adds u.
lenseven ratingone crashing all the time while viewing albums.
lentwo ratingone ok, seriously?
lennine ratingone instrad of adding new things, fix the old ones!
lentwo ratingone "network error"
lensix ratingone occurs a lot, pictures load slowly.
lenten ratingone most not at all, news feed doesnt show posts chronologically.
lenfourteen ratingone despite selected view, you can no longer acces links posted by friends & like pages.
lentwentyeight ratingone i would also like the option to edit my comments like the desktop version & be able to view archived messages within in the app,not the mobile site.
lentwentytwo ratingone also, please make it so i can move at least half of the app to the sd card, takes of major space!
leneighteen ratingone when commenting on a status or link if you touch your phone wrong it erases your entire comment.
lenfourteen ratingone when i type a status and click on post it dosent pist at all.
lenfour ratingone that is very aggravating.
lenseven ratingone i upload pictures and they dont post.
leneight ratingone fix these problems it shouldnt be that difficult.
lenfour ratingone this app is horrible.
lennine ratingone i'm constantly having to update my news feed.
lenfive ratingone my notifications show up late.
leneleven ratingone any pictures posted aren't available for viewing half the time.
leneleven ratingone and it's constantly telling me that fb has quit "responding".
leneleven ratingthree better than previous versions, but still have to select "most recent"
lensix ratingthree every time i open the app.
lensix ratingthree please just show things in order!
lennine ratingfour there's a lot of things that needs improvement.
lenthirteen ratingfour one of them is that you can't even change your profile picture.
lensixteen ratingfour you should also have the option for being able to post pictures and videos on groups.
leneight ratingfour make this all work and you have 5 stars.
lentwelve ratingtwo how do you delete comments and unfollow posts in the new update?
lennineteen ratingtwo also it often takes ages to load photographs and the app says there is no connection when there is :(
lenfour ratingone sloppy and slow fix
lenthirtythree ratingone i had no problem wit updating my status to say near this city or near that city on my iphone 4s now i go back to android i have that problem fix it please
lentwentysix ratingthree it have it's hiccups from time to time but what i really don't like about this app is the amount of memory it use.
lenfourteen ratingthree if i could move it to my sd card i would rate it 5 stars.
lenfiftytwo ratingone not liking the new camera app, all they need to do is change the icon or the name, as i can see some people uploading not for public pics esp if they've had a bit to drink, why call it camera and make the icon look like a default camera app?
lenfive ratingtwo this app is really good
leneleven ratingone force close everytime when i try to open page of group.
lentwentyfive ratingthree i like the new fb, but im a little upset, because it takes for ever to load n refresh any page i am lookin at.
lenthree ratingone it never works!
lennine ratingthree none of the pics show in the news feed.
leneight ratingfour fix this please .i hate this new update
lenthirteen ratingthree but, likes and comments aren't updating until you click on each post.
lentwo ratingone just bad.
lenfive ratingone loads forever and does nothing.
lentwo ratingtwo thanks fb
lenfour ratingtwo can't delete comments!
lenten ratingone keeps on force closing every 5 seconds , need to stop this
lenfour ratingfive htc explorer good app
lenthree ratingfive teri maa ki
leneight ratingfour please make it a bit qiucker and better
lenfive ratingtwo do'nt download this version.
lenfour ratingtwo it is very slow .
lenthree ratingtwo keeps on crashing.
lenthree ratingone slow and unresponsive.
lenfive ratingone take notes from twitters app.
lensix ratingone it works well this is terrible.
lenfour ratingone need a fix soon!
leneight ratingone since the update i cant even open facebook.
leneleven ratingone it constantly freezes my phone and have to force close constantly.
lenfifteen ratingone half the time pics wont load on posts and no pics load period for profiles.
lenthree ratingone cant stand it.
lentwelve ratingone constantly get network error message when try to do anything with fb.
lentwo ratingfive facebook ruled
lenthree ratingfive very good app
lenfourteen ratingone i cannot or delete the unliked comments on my posts, this is a hassle!
lensix ratingone where the f*** is this option!
lensix ratingone the app is glitchy at best.
leneighteen ratingone it freezes for long periods when i try to look at friend pages if it responds at all.
lenseventeen ratingone often it goes to a black screen freezing my while phone until the app finally shuts down.
lentwentyeight ratingone also i am getting notifications for comments but when i go to the page to see the comment the latest comments mentioned in my notification won't load.
lentwentysix ratingone if i want to see them i have to go online and if i'm doing that all the time why should i use the app.
leneight ratingone seems to work better using mobile data 4g or 3g.
lenfour ratingone has issues on wifi?
lennine ratingone keep getting network error when trying to load newsfeed.
lentwo ratingtwo nothing loads.
lenfifteen ratingtwo always have to close out and re open the app in order to load timeline.
lenfour ratingfour bla bla fix it
lentwentythree ratingtwo i think i just did this yesterday but why not again today you already know what the bugs are and still nothing pos
lentwentyseven ratingtwo i thought at first it was impressive but when i updated my fb it keeps closing unexpectedly, and it takes forever to receive and send a message.
lenfourteen ratingthree happens using the fb app as well as accessing via mobile browser on phone.
lenfour ratingthree anyone else experiencing this?
lenthree ratingfive i am ok
lenseven ratingtwo this take so many time to logout
lenfour ratingfour i m lake this
lenfour ratingthree this needs some fixing!
lenthree ratingthree it stops unexpectedly.
lensix ratingthree and makes my phone turn off .
lenthree ratingthree fix fix fix!
lensixteen ratingtwo it says 13mb but when i install this app it consumed 30mb space so 2 star for this app .
lensix ratingone tamil fonts are not displayed properly.
lenfourteen ratingtwo this app won't let me update my status, share pictures, or check in.
leneighteen ratingtwo then if i click on a picture it takes me back to the top of my news feeds :(
lentwenty ratingone after the last two update, it won't let me update my status or post anything other than upload pictures.
lenthree ratingone motorola droid razr.
lenthirtythree ratingtwo can't zoom in on pictures it jumps back to original size, can't delete you own posts in the news feed only when you go back to your own wall please fix
lentwentytwo ratingone i've never had a problem wit this app,,,but today my notifications are not showing rite,,,ur not seeing others comments
lennine ratingthree the last version was perfect this one is cluttered!

lenfourteen ratingfour The only thing that would make this app perfect is to add video chat.
lenthirteen ratingone I had this version on my galaxy note and it wouldn't update.
lentwentyone ratingone Slow load time (refreshing the newsfeed is agonising) and can't view photos over 3g network. Same issues if using wi-fi.
lennineteen ratingthree Why cant i delete or edit my comments on another persons post i thougjt you guys fixed that already.
lentwelve ratingtwo Works well on mobile data but often hangs when refreshing on WiFi.
lentwenty ratingone Now it won't load my news feed about half the time, and forget about opening posts to see comments.
lentwenty ratingthree it's telling me my password is incorrect I cannot log on help me open facebook my password is correct
lensix ratingone Wont let me post status updates.
lennine ratingone The "network error" issues are causing too much hassle.
lensixteen ratingone It won't load my news feed, freezes,and sometimes won't let me log in
lenthirtytwo ratingone Force closing because it freezes so often and I go to open a picture and it seems to freeze and I have to beck out multiple times or re-start the app.
lenseven ratingfour It closes down from time to time
lennine ratingtwo Grrrr this new update is always saying network down.
lenfourteen ratingtwo photos dont show on timeline and take ages to load when you click them :(
lentwelve ratingtwo Why is it impossible to click the post updates directly from notification?
lentwelve ratingtwo And can't read comments when clicking to see them in post?
lenseventeen ratingone You hit like button and don't do nothing half the time then you got to reload .
leneleven ratingone Doesn't load sometimes and I can't see multiple photos.
lennineteen ratingone The first will load but I can't scroll through, which was my main use on the comedy pages.
lenfifteen ratingone Won't let me update my status or set my news feed on most recent!
lenthirtynine ratingtwo I have a Galaxy Note 2 and all the time it won't even let me see pictures I click on, I sit and wait sometimes just to see how long it'll take, but it just never shows up.
lenfive ratingtwo Sometimes it even force closes.
lenthirtyfour ratingtwo I feel like way earlier versions were so much better, now the designers are so busy trying to make it twitter that they're losing focus on simple tasks like loading a friggin picture?
lentwentythree ratingone Not only does it not show me peoples status' in order, but it won't let me check in OR update my status.
leneleven ratingone The newsfeed is set to'most recent' but is definitely random.
lenfour ratingone load like no tomorrow
lenthirtythree ratingone It sucks having problems up loading, cant comment, now you cant delete your coment and they took off editing stupid im over fb the need more activities and creativity for profiles its boring!!
leneighteen ratingone The only thing i can see is status updates and sometimes that takes a while to see those.
lentwentyone ratingone Pictures don't load, I can't comment on stuff without having to wait 5 minutes, nor can I delete my comments.
lenthirteen ratingone Worst update ever, never loads pictures and won't upload your pictures either.
lentwentythree ratingone Every time I "like" anything, it automatically reloads the page, and it never actually "likes" any updates, even if I try multiple times.
lenten ratingthree It's getting slow so a little bit faster please?
lenfifteen ratingone Not only was the last one bad, but it creates useless data on my phone.
lentwo ratingone Loading forever...
lentwenty ratingtwo At first I thought I had a slow 3g connection or WiFi was down but it works fine in my browser!
lenthirtyone ratingone Then it reads "network error" but it's funny how every other app that i use on the same exact (and all for that matter) network seem to do just fine.
lensixteen ratingthree The photos take ages to appear though and I wish it took up less storage space.
lensix ratingone Throwing Java.net.SSL.sslprotocol exception.
lenten ratingone Always has network problem doesn't load , not so good.
lenseventeen ratingone The latest version of facebook does not update notifications, likes or comments until you check them manually.
lenfifteen ratingone Worked perfectly until the most recent update, now won't update via 3G, only via wifi.
lenten ratingone Photos are fine, comments most of the time, status...nope.
lentwelve ratingfour With the new update now I can't see updates in Timescape....
leneight ratingone Facebook app does not load on my phone.
lentwenty ratingthree Need feed is still messed up shows me post from a few days ago even under "recent" fix these and 5*
lenten ratingfour Olease only check in camera folder, not the whole storage.
lentwelve ratingfour Now it can be slow but only when I get horrible service.
leneleven ratingtwo It doesn't let me watch videos and two many updates
lentwenty ratingone I can t download it I really c don't know why but I cant update t this mf app
lenfive ratingone Never stays on most recent.
lentwenty ratingone We should have the option to not have it looking for GPS the whole time we're using the app.
lenten ratingone It doesnt even update ln the Samsung Galaxy S Epic 4G.
leneleven ratingone App was just slow but overall okay until the past month.
lentwentyone ratingone The only thing that works is logging out and logging back in again, which I now do about 3 times per day.
lenfourteen ratingone I have to click most recent every time I log in to fix it.
lenfour ratingone Doesn't update correctly.
leneleven ratingone Always dc, takes forever to load, Network Error all the time!
lentwentyeight ratingtwo I will spend the time typing a long message and when I send I now get a error saying cannot post comment and everything I typed is gone.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo Now, my "likes" will disappear, pictures won't load, the app keeps forcing close on me, and comments sometimes don't show.
lenseven ratingtwo Contact sync doesn't seem to work..
lenfive ratingone Pictures take FOREVER to load.
lenten ratingone (Most of the time they don't load at all.)
lenten ratingone I cant even update my cover photo and upload pictures!
lenfifteen ratingthree On my android this app will not show the pics and takes forever to connect...
lenfive ratingone Takes hours to load pictures.
lentwelve ratingthree CONSUMES lot of data..loads the photo again when clicked for fullscreen.
lensix ratingone Won't let me update wallpaper.
lenthree ratingone Slow and irritating..
leneleven ratingone Cannot see photos whilescrolling down TL also, cannot EDIT comments anymore..
lenthirtytwo ratingone This app is prob one of the most used ones out there, you would think it would be the best, not the one that crashes my phone every time I use it...
lenfour ratingfour Just like a turtle!!!!!!
lenfive ratingthree I cannot post my status...
lenten ratingone i can t back button when i see a photo
lentwentytwo ratingtwo The only problem I'm having is since the new update it no longer shows my location in any of my statuses;
lennineteen ratingone I updated facebook and it worked for alittle but now it won't load my notification our new updates......
lenfour ratingone Slower with every update!
lenfour ratingone BACK BUTTON BROKEN NOW!
lenthree ratingone HAS FREAKING ADS!!!!
lenthirtyseven ratingone Contacts don't sync, likes don't notify, takes days to view A picture, GPS turns on when I have location OFF,  all notifications are late, no LIKE notifications ect, ect, ect, ect, NOW HAS FREAKING ADS!
lenfour ratingone Package file is invalid
lennine ratingtwo Can not view photo galleries well except my own.
lensix ratingtwo Home image doesn't work either.
lentwentythree ratingfour You need to change this app so it can be moved to the sd card as it takes up to much phone memory.
leneleven ratingone Haven't even been able to log in, not even once.
lentwelve ratingone My newsfeed will not load up, could you please fix this problem?
lenfive ratingthree Its ok but its slow.
lenten ratingfour Images load incredibly slow or not at all moto razr
lenfive ratingone Facebook is using 50 megs internally.
lentwelve ratingone Some phones have most of there user memory in the SD card.
lennine ratingone Now even worst it doesn't give any notification
lentwelve ratingone reminds me of dial up internet that's how slow it works
lenseven ratingfour Please give the option to unfollow posts
lenfourteen ratingthree I can't view my timeline, and the pictures doesn't fit on screen..
lenten ratingthree Still can't view my profile on a timeline format..
leneleven ratingtwo My notifications don't work, can't remove status or comments.
lenfourteen ratingone IT FORCE CLOSES AS SOON AS I TRY TO OPEN IT EVERY SINGLE TIME!
lentwentyone ratingone I'VE HAD TO UNINSTALL THE UPDATES TO EVEN LOG INTO FB AND AM LIMITED TO MY OPTIONS BECAUSE OF THAT!!!!
lensix ratingone very slow on dual core processor..
lenfourteen ratingone This app is unusably slow when it opens, which is only 10% of the tine.
lentwentyone ratingtwo All I want is to be able to move this app to my sd card and it won't let me.
leneight ratingtwo Getting that "internal storage space too low" message.
lenseven ratingone Won't load data, Contact syncing broken.
lentwentythree ratingone Despite selecting "only sync info about existing contacts" it just goes right ahead and populates my phone contacts with all my facebook friends.
lenfourteen ratingone It was talking forever to load my page and now its not even working.
lenfifteen ratingone I try to go on the app and all I get is a black screen....
lentwentynine ratingthree I love Facebook, but it takes up way too much space on my phone, it really needs to be made so it can be moved to the SD card!
leneight ratingone Always freezes and have uninstall and then reinstall.
lensixteen ratingone This was so good at one  point then it just stopped working all of the sudden.
lenfive ratingone Still can't edit posts!
lenten ratingone Needs different skin choices, like black background to save battery!
leneleven ratingone won't load at all for the past 2 weeks on ascend.
lenfortytwo ratingone I Love my facebook but it don't stay on once logged in then my screen goes black and it logs out when you're writing in things it will kick you out! and then it erase's everything you're doing..
lenfifteen ratingthree I love the app but it keeps freezing so I am going to uninstall it
lenfourteen ratingone Repeatedly crashes it also freezes my entire phone and makes it run extremely slow.
lenfour ratingthree Laggy stops annoying app
lenfour ratingone Trouble updating news feed.
lenfive ratingthree so good but sometime FC
leneight ratingone But why can't I delete comments anymore?
lenten ratingthree One click image is cool but having lot of delay....
leneleven ratingtwo It is crazy slow and that's if it even works!
leneighteen ratingone The app stoped working and every time i open it , it crash and i force it to close .
lenseven ratingtwo Photos no longer show in News Feed.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Also sometimes when I try to click on a pic, the screen goes black & fc...
lennineteen ratingtwo I have to change my rating since I'm having problems with it force closing all the time now!
lenfourteen ratingone I can't get it to update and only get half of my notifications.
lenten ratingone Plus, I get a "Lost Connection"notice even on wifi.
lentwentyfive ratingthree This morning none of my posts have appeared on my wall or in the news stream, although likes and comments made on others' post have.
lenten ratingfour This app worth 4 starz cuz theres a little Force close?
leneighteen ratingone After Facebook was reloaded after a system reset on my phone it hasn't let me post status'.
lennine ratingone It has also crashed a few times as well.
lenfifteen ratingone Plus it will take a few seconds to load new information on my news fees.
lentwentysix ratingthree Edit it please i cant change my cover photo through mobile please change it as soon as possible im sure people need this to get fix .
lensix ratingthree Keep getting a no responding message..
lennine ratingthree have to force close every time iam on it...
lensix ratingone Cannot send pics into albumss suxxx!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone One beef with it is it takes forever to refresh the news feed.
lenthirteen ratingone Too many times i go to post something and it doesnt go through.
lenthirteen ratingone I have to force quit the app to get my feed to refresh.
lenfourteen ratingone Notifications for people don't work either. I never get notified when they post.
lenfive ratingthree Still can't save pictures
leneight ratingthree Better but won't log in and crashes
lensix ratingtwo Can not move to sd card.
lensix ratingfour Seems to load content more reliably.
lenfive ratingthree It keeps saying network error...
leneight ratingone This app is constantly freezing stopping and erroring
leneleven ratingtwo Pics don't load and kicks me off please fix asap
lentwentyfour ratingfour It often says that I don't have a wireless connection when I know I do and the pictures take a while to load.
lenfifteen ratingone my phone won't load I keep getting poor connection and forecloses all the time!!
lentwelve ratingthree Deleting comments is virtually impossible, and quite annoying, everything else is great
lensix ratingone fb app is 14 mb of crap!
lenseven ratingtwo no force closing but still slow sometimes.
lentwentythree ratingtwo plus I can't delete people comments on my own status, even though I was able to when the app was even worse...
lennineteen ratingone Pics will not load, everything is slower, and having a hard time getting my most recent to come up.
lentwelve ratingone I downloaded yesterday and have had a force close several times already.
lenfour ratingone Status updates not working.
lennine ratingone It wont let me open pintrest or anything else.
lenthirteen ratingone Every time i update facebook it works for a day then force closes.
leneighteen ratingfour In this case now i have no option to edit my Cover photo like I used to be!
lenseven ratingtwo Where can I update my cover pic?
lenseventeen ratingone new updates always having network error even though my phone is connected thru network data and wifi.
lenthree ratingtwo No preview pictures.
lenseven ratingone I can't change the cover picture.
lenfourteen ratingone People comment bad things on my picture and I can't delete it anymore.
lentwentyone ratingtwo This used to be a good app but with this new update it always says network error everytime i use it.
lentwentynine ratingone Ever since i did the update i constantly have to go into my task manager and shut it off and then turn it back in because it locks up.
lennine ratingone Constantly get a force close screen that pops up.
lenfourteen ratingone I can't update my state or wite a post to a friend wall . . .
lenten ratingone I am unable to update any status through your appliation....
lensixteen ratingone It will load only if you clear the ram first or force stop it in settings.
lenseven ratingone Dont let me change my cover photo!
lenseven ratingone And There Isn't Any Poke Button-__-!!!!
lenten ratingone The city doesn't show up when I post something.
lensixteen ratingone I have a DROIDX 2 and the app still force closes when trying to upload pictures too
lenten ratingone Force closes and im not aleays able to view photos.
lentwo ratingone Constantly loading...
lennineteen ratingone I have to force stop to get it to update even though I have full signal and on wifi.
lentwenty ratingtwo I can't change my background picture cuz I don't have that little camera in the corner like before.
leneight ratingone keep network error even my network is good ....
leneighteen ratingtwo This is very critical app, gives trouble in delete the accounts, n many other probs i hd faced..
lentwelve ratingtwo I am getting a lot of "Network Error" (or something similar) messages.
lenthirteen ratingtwo It seems to have issues with leaving the app and returning to it.
lentwentytwo ratingtwo Also, as some else stated, it's too easy to accidentally lose everything you've written if you tap the wrong area.
lenthree ratingone Constant "Network Error".
lenfour ratingone Freezes up A LOT!!!!
leneleven ratingone Cant get n e pics to load .. Profile pics and ALL!
lentwelve ratingtwo Statuses are not being posted, been like the for a while now!!
lentwelve ratingone What's with not being able to delete posts from this app?
lentwentyone ratingone Why do I have what I posted on my new feed from 3 days ago at the top of my news feed?
lensix ratingone Also your chat thing sucks too.
leneight ratingone Can't update photos, not uploading my status.
lenfour ratingtwo This app keeps freezing.
lentwelve ratingtwo I can't always access my comments and I'm really frustrated!
leneleven ratingone I downloaded the update and now it doesn't even open.
lentwentyseven ratingone I get the blue Facebook screen and then a black one and my phone says the application is not responding and asks me to force close it.
lennine ratingone I hit like on something and i get nothing.
lenfifteen ratingone I can't upload photos, can't create an event or even post in one .
lenthirtyfive ratingone It ALWAYS ALWAYS force closes on me , I want to throw my phone across the room cuz I am addicted to Facebook, but what's the point of using it if it doesn't work !! .
lennineteen ratingtwo Used to a reliable app but recently it has started giving me problems when I go from 4g to wifi.
lensix ratingtwo Constantly having connection issues with transitions.
lensix ratingtwo Still can't upload pictures properly.
lenfourteen ratingone its fast for sure but keeps on crashing, I cant comment or like anything.
lenfour ratingtwo To slow, stops working.
lennineteen ratingfour I have an LG Optimus slider, and maybe it's not working too well on my phone in particular.
lenseven ratingfour It could save a lot of room
lenthirteen ratingone New stories are not working and it just shows updating updating and updating.
lentwentyeight ratingone It force closes and refuses to post my statuses or comments, and every time I tag someone then try to add a place, it deletes my tagged people.
leneight ratingone I upload my post and it is gone!!!
lensix ratingone iy keeps shutting down on me
lenthirtyseven ratingone This app is rubbish have installed and  uninstall twice and now my old version of fb crashes and chucks me out frustrated to say the least and I don't often swear but ffs sort it out.
leneight ratingfour It has slower connection than mobile web version.
lenthree ratingfour Slower than Google+.
lenten ratingthree Also, I wish you could "unfollow post" from the phone.
lensix ratingone It's very slow not effective..
lenten ratingone Can't up date statue,it keeps say network error.
lentwelve ratingone Don't waste your time, slow, can't comment or see comments
lentwelve ratingone Tried to upload photos and it said the photos cannot be uploaded.
leneleven ratingtwo For Example: The remove comment button or the cover photo tool.
lennine ratingone None of the photos will load in my newsfeed!!
lenfour ratingtwo Picture cant be recieved.
lenthree ratingone connect very slow
lenseventeen ratingfour when i want to upload photo on select picture page it show all photo in my mobile.
lennineteen ratingfour I love everything about it besides when you click on a picture its hard to get out of it
lensix ratingfour Chat has to be updated manually.
leneight ratingfour Laggy, buggy, slow and a waste of space.
lenthirteen ratingfour If there has been text copy paste option i would have given 5 star
lentwentyseven ratingone It's dramatically slower since it automatically updated on me yesterday, the way you comment on pictures is weird, and it's just really weird looking overall.
lentwentyfour ratingone It's freezing constantly, pictures take FOREVER to load, and honestly, I've been just using my mobile browser because it's much faster.
lennineteen ratingone Still rubbish, status comment counts no longer updates - people's status show 1 comment, open it and find several more.
lenfourteen ratingone The last 3 updates, freezing and force close at least 2-3x a day with average use.
leneighteen ratingthree I play castleville, it freezes up after 10 minutes and I have to go back to my home page.
lenseven ratingthree Its alright just need few more adjustments
lenten ratingthree I dont like that it takes up so much space.
lenfive ratingthree It takes long to load.
lenthree ratingfour BAD PHOTO LOADING
lentwelve ratingtwo Still cannot add note, cannot retrieve older album (which is updated recently)
lentwenty ratingone I keep having to switch back to the previous one, because the newest update doesn't load anything at all..
lennine ratingone it just has that little circle moving and moving...
lenfour ratingone Unable to post pics.
lentwentyfour ratingthree I'm reading some new feeds, it continues loading again and I have to wait. Not one or twice times, many and many times
lenthirty ratingone The app always crashes, the screen goes black occasionally so you have to rotate your handset, and the option to "like" a status is more conplicated than it should be.
lentwentyeight ratingtwo Ever since the last update I have to force it to close or wait for it to "stop responding" so I can force it to close and restart.
lenfourteen ratingfour Its taking a lot of time for loading and require forced close some times.
leneleven ratingfour I don't have any of the issues ppl have reported.
lentwelve ratingthree How come cannot copy/save image on fb to my Android phone?
lensix ratingfour Nothing loads on a fast connection.
leneleven ratingfour Nothing us loading properly even when I'm connected to WiFi.
lennine ratingone Facebook won't even load on my Motorola Atrix 2.
lentwelve ratingthree Freezes and tells me no  connection even when i have perfect wifi.
leneleven ratingone For starters, please make the app moveable to the SD card.
lenthirteen ratingone So PLEASE, PLEASE allow the app to be moved to the SD card.
lenthirteen ratingone Let me remind you that a persons internal phone memory isn't huge.
lentwelve ratingone It take too much time for loading and not show all feeds...
lensix ratingone My screen is always going black...
lennine ratingone Can't never stay or "most recent" or "TopNews"..
leneight ratingone Crashes EVERY time I try to do anything
lensix ratingone Not to mention a battery hog.
lensixteen ratingone Why does it need to keep switching the gps on when it isn't actually running?
lenfifteen ratingone I can't even see my own posts. Won't even let me delete it.
leneleven ratingone Now its juss stuck in the loading zone o_O WTF...
lentwelve ratingfour I wish you could unfollow posts and edit posts via FB app.
lennine ratingone I was perfectly fine with it how it was.
leneighteen ratingone Once it's working better, I will go back to using the app and give you more stars.
lenthirteen ratingone But as of now, I really wish I could give it a ZERO.
lenfive ratingfour The app became really faster.
lensix ratingfour Much improved but still give 4 stars.
lentwelve ratingfour Ppl, if you have a low end phone, expect low end performance.
leneighteen ratingone There should be a 0 stars option cuz this piece of sh*t app doesn't even deserve one!
lenten ratingone Worst app I have ever had the misfortune of using!
lenseven ratingfour The new update looks better than before
lenfive ratingfour Awesome as comparison to previous
lenten ratingfour It's very easy to use download it right now....
lenseven ratingthree Having a lot of trouble with Facebook.
lenfive ratingone need for too much repear...
lensix ratingfour It's better than old version
lennine ratingone Using home wifi full signal on Motorola Atrix HD :(
lenthree ratingone 1st time on facebook.
lenfour ratingone App keeps getting worse
lenfive ratingthree I'm tired of waiting.
lenfifteen ratingthree I'm not often give bad review but this time, this app makes me crazy.
lentwo ratingfour Awesome update
lenfive ratingfour I like it a lot!
leneleven ratingone why isn't it working fast like every one else says???
leneleven ratingfour Just go to yer Task Manager, and  stop Facebook's process.
lenten ratingone Sometimes it dosent  whant to show my newsfeed and pictures .....
lenten ratingone and when i want to comment it dosent  let me...
lenfourteen ratingone THIS IS SO BROKEN AND PLZ PLZ PLZ MAKE THIS MOVABLE TO SD CARD .
lenfourteen ratingfour I won't able to comment on photo album, not even on my own.
lenfourteen ratingone Slowest yet, says network error often, regardless of connected or disconnected to Wi-Fi.
lenfour ratingone Can't delete comments.
lenfive ratingone Unlikes status updates and photos.
lenthree ratingone Wont upload photos.
lenthirteen ratingone It force stops constantly and is very slow and ends up freezing up.
lenthirtyfive ratingtwo Everytime there is an update, I have issues on my page, such as photos not uploading, the page scrolling up and down constanly, comments not posting, and now I cant see any photos or captions.
leneight ratingthree Some time it take long time on 2g connection.
lenseven ratingthree Plz make it faster for 2g data card.
lenfive ratingone It takes forever load page..
lenseventeen ratingtwo the previous update has got an option for changing cover foto which vanished on the last update.
lensixteen ratingone it lags forever to open a comment and sometimes it wont post the comments I leave ....
lenfive ratingone Forecloses most of the time.
leneleven ratingone Can't see photos, recent stories never show up in order.
leneleven ratingone Doesn't update my timeline without having a dozen network errors.
lentwentyone ratingone Possibly one of my most frequently used apps, but definitely the worst of all, with constant network error and force close.
lenthirteen ratingone When I try to open the app I just get a black screen!
lentwelve ratingone does post by comment and likes so I need to like twice ....
lenfourteen ratingtwo Notifications won't open unless I click the world icon and do it there.
lensix ratingtwo Tons of other freezes and crap.
lentwentytwo ratingthree Today's update has mostly fixed my problems  happy with app again but doesn't come back from full screen photos properly.
leneleven ratingone Posting on pages either doesn't show up or fails altogether.
lensix ratingone Won't load stories most times.
lenfour ratingone Can't change cover.
lenthree ratingone not loaded images
lennine ratingone Connection errors, images not loading, refresh taking an eternity.
lentwentyseven ratingone force closes, can't read all comments on status's without it closing off, I can't comment on anything, can't change pics, can't upload..
lenfive ratingone Not all status updates showing...
leneleven ratingfour I am not able to view photos ysing this crap app.
lenten ratingfour Allow me to not get updates anymore on a topic
leneleven ratingtwo Incredibly bloated install, coming in at 40mb+ for it and fb messenger.
lenseven ratingtwo Refuses to stop defaulting to 'top stories'.
lenseven ratingone Almost completely nonfunctional since the latest update.
lenthree ratingone Not loading/updating.
lenthree ratingone Nothin will load!!
lenthirteen ratingfour However when i post a comment i can't edit or delete it....
lenthree ratingone everyday was error...
lentwo ratingthree force closed...
leneight ratingtwo Works fine one update, completely unusable the next.
leneighteen ratingtwo Since the new download I can't see any pictures unless I click on them and wait forever.
lennine ratingone Posts say sent but they are never actually posted.
lenfifteen ratingtwo Annoying ads, no respect for settings, I don't even want to think about permissions...
lentwentyone ratingone This update blows, I can't update my status now, I don't even know why I still have this app.
lennine ratingone Reinstalled and now all I get is network error.
lentwelve ratingtwo Constant network errors, even though the rest of the internet works fine.
lentwentyfour ratingthree Every time i look at photos on this app it takes forever for photos to pop up or at all if you're lucky.
leneleven ratingthree It's super frustrating that i can't look at photos.
lenseventeen ratingthree It always says something like photo unavailable, please try again later. Trying back later never works either.
lenseven ratingone Frequently crashes, 0 stars is what it deserves
lenfortyseven ratingone I can't comment on people's pictures or status bc when I do, I won't be able to continue bc it will go to the top of the page, then I have to go all the way down again to finish whatever I am typing.
leneight ratingone I like the old way of sharing pictures..
lenthirtythree ratingthree I like the set up the only that is very frustrating is that it doesn't update when its suppose to I try to refresh it myself and it won't do anything
lensixteen ratingtwo I constantly have too log out and log back in for my news feed to refresh.
lenfifteen ratingone My phone has been very slow, lots of apps crashing, even restarting itself on occasion.
lenseven ratingthree I cant even change my cover photo
lentwo ratingone Connection lost?
lennine ratingone It loads very slow and always loses the connection.
lenfive ratingone Takes too much internal memory.....!!!
lenfive ratingone Its always saying network error.
lenseven ratingone My phone keeps getting a black screen.
lenthirteen ratingfour Only thing I'd like to be able to do is delete comments..
lentwo ratingtwo Crashes sometimes...
lenfourteen ratingtwo needs more option like delete your comments on groups ect or edit spelling mistakes
lentwelve ratingone Why did you take away the ability to delete comments on status?
lentwenty ratingone It was frustrating enough to not be able to edit typos, but at least you could delete and post again.
lentwentysix ratingone Images I wish to share either don't upload at all or go straight to my time line then take ages to appear on my wall.
lenthirteen ratingone Keeps displaying network error even though it works fine on my laptop, rubbish!
leneleven ratingone Ok you "updating people", whatever yall are doing needs to stop.
lentwentyfive ratingone Makes me not even want my FB anymore because I'm always having to get on my laptop to clear the notifications off my phone.
lentwo ratingone Slooooooow loading.
lenseven ratingone Yall need to fix this is slow
lentwentyfour ratingone everything about this app lags, photos take forever to upload, regardless of the 4G network or WiFi, it sucks, this goes to comments as well.
lenten ratingthree I would give 5 stars when they fix the cover picture....
lenfifteen ratingthree i able to change the cover picture but i cannot able to reposition the photo!!!
lenthirteen ratingone Since the most recent update the app keeps freaking out, freezing and closing!!!
lenseven ratingone Constant connection error, won't load pics........
lensixteen ratingtwo Keep getting network errors and it wont load anymore pictures after about 3 or 4 pictures are viewed.
lentwentyfour ratingone The update is horrible, it's slow,I always get a network error, pictures don't always upload, can't delete nor edit comments.
lenfive ratingone Doesn't load photos, comments.
lenten ratingone FB is now not letting me post status updates-nice!
lentwentyfour ratingone I've never placed a review until now and am very disappointed that I can't even update my status through the app now.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I can't post statuses and I cannot post on anyone's wall.
lensix ratingone Will not start up bad app
lennine ratingone Can't view pictures in news feeds or messenger.
lenfour ratingthree Recent 'suggested posts' annoying.
leneighteen ratingone Only received ads and spam in staus updates and non from pages i liked or friends on fb.
leneight ratingone Won't allow status updates or even open.
lenfifteen ratingone Tried removing it & re-installing several times & all I get are "Force Close" Poor business.
lennine ratingone Still wont open pictures and it moves super slow.
lenfour ratingone News feed screws up.
lenten ratingone Screen gets stuck on a photo whenever you view it.
lensix ratingone Can't edit or delete posts.
lenseventeen ratingfour I can no longer delete my own comments or others' comments on my status with the update
lensix ratingone then it does not feed correctly.
lenseven ratingone Stories and posts are out of sync.
leneight ratingtwo idk how to delete comments in this version...
leneight ratingone where did my change cover photo option go..??
lenfourteen ratingone Freezes, crashes, tells me I have no internet connection when my browser works fine.
leneleven ratingone And every 5 minutes my phone says its getting low on storage.
lenthirtyone ratingthree It has improved since I first used it, but you are subjected to inane "X finished level 17 in Cutesy Doo-dah Game" messages and other crap that you can't disable.
lentwentyfour ratingthree If anything at all interrupts its network connection then it goes off to la-la land, never to return until you forcibly kill it.
lensix ratingone Takes forever to load new posts!
lensix ratingone I can barely start this app.
lenthree ratingtwo Hangs a lot.
lenten ratingone Why can't i delete or edit my own comments?!
leneight ratingthree On the new update, you cant delete comments.
lenfourteen ratingone Always have to force it close and then re open for it to update.
lensix ratingone I CANT CHANGE MY COVER PHOTO....
leneleven ratingone Can't see my posts even after it appears they posted
lennine ratingone Actually I can't post anything or share anything.
lenseven ratingone I can only comment on friends posts :(
lenfour ratingone Push notifications not working -_-
lenfifteen ratingfour Speed is slow and does not notify for the b day s and other notifications
lentwentytwo ratingone I cant update my cover photo from my phone and when i click on a photo it wont let me go back.
lenseven ratingone Since last update takes ages to update.
lenseven ratingtwo Like other users are complaining, too slow.
leneight ratingone itz always showz the error saying network problem.....
lennine ratingone Why cannot see when the ppl today birthday de....
lenthirteen ratingone What is it with the "no internection" pop up and why no pictures?
lensix ratingone Keep getting no network connection bug.
lentwentytwo ratingthree It really bothers me that I cannot scroll using the volume key why haven't the developers made this an option yet?
lenseven ratingone Doesnt load and just keeps loading forever
lenseven ratingone Takes way toooo long to log out.
lenten ratingfour Good but lags too much, and need some bug fixes. !
lenseventeen ratingtwo Wish I didnt have to keep deleting and reinstalling this app just so I can see pics.
leneight ratingtwo Also my comments lag, dissappear, and reappear whenever.
lenseven ratingtwo Notifications are all out of wack too.
lenfiftysix ratingthree It keeps getting better but I find it difficult if not impossible to do certain simple tasks such as setting a cover photo or removing an accidental photo tag that you might have created or even scrolling through the profile pictures when your not viewing the album itself when you click on someone's profile picture.
lentwenty ratingtwo This version is garbage, you cannot add a cover photo through profile, default pics dont fully show, and other problems.
lenten ratingone Since update can't see pics on my Droid phone.
lenthree ratingone slow,poor,pathetic
lenfifteen ratingone Notification no longer work since last update was finally fixed now they broke it again.
lentwentyfive ratingtwo I always uninstall this app cause it have problem loading photos in news feed. If i want to see it i must click the photo.
lensix ratingone This app freezes and stops suddenly !
lensix ratingone I can't update my status.
lenfive ratingone Force closes all the time.
lenseven ratingtwo Slow or network error when using WiFi.
lennine ratingone :P Nothing works anymore, everything takes forever to reload.
leneight ratingone Can't delete comments, everything is so slow.
lenfifteen ratingone I changed my password, so now I can't login, it won't even start.
leneight ratingthree doesnt let you edit comments and occasionally crashes...
leneleven ratingone I cannot post or share anything nor change my profile pic...
lenfour ratingone I cant see pictures.
lenthree ratingone Long load times.
lenfour ratingone Tooo much memory taken!
leneighteen ratingone Very disappointed at how many times my phone is forced to close this facebook app since by update!
lentwenty ratingone Since your last great update i can't see pics in news feeds and it locks up all the time...
lentwentythree ratingthree I love being able to scroll through photos on my nexus but this app often freezes when looking at multiple photos or albums.
lenten ratingthree Its always stalling and freezes my phone and nothing loads
lenthirteen ratingthree i never see pictures at all and i used to be able to
lensix ratingthree Now it loads all the time.
lennine ratingthree Some days it works and some days nothing loads.
lenten ratingone Over a month and still can't post a status
lenten ratingone Trying to uninstall and reinstall can't see pictures anymore!!
leneight ratingone stop updating, cant log in, frezze to much.
lentwentyone ratingone It force closes when  I open the app, and on the off chance the app stays open  I get connection error.
lentwelve ratingtwo This apps is cool but the photo loading make me getting crazy.
lentwelve ratingtwo it goes slow and don't update like it use to be
lenfour ratingone 1. Can not delete comments.
lenthirtysix ratingone 2. Can not visit external web sites through Facebook using links on news or any other post 90% of the time. It gives a warning and when I click to go anyway it can't find the page....
lenseven ratingone 3. Force closes often, especially dealing with pictures
lenfive ratingone 5. Constant connection errors and issues.
lentwentytwo ratingone Idk what youu guys did to this app but it used to work and now it has network errors all the time.
lenfive ratingtwo slow not worth the update
lenthirteen ratingone This app constantly freezes and shuts down and makes my phone run slow.
lennine ratingone Not to mention all the data it soaks up.
lenseventeen ratingone I am now deleting it because everyday it freezes and force closes at least 3 times a day.
lentwelve ratingone Maybe i need other app to notify me when i get notification.
lenthirteen ratingone It takes very much space please add feature to send to SD card ....!!
lenthirteen ratingthree 40+ mb's is a big chunk to have on my phone's memory.
lentwentyfive ratingone Not getting notifications, the app will have a "network error" when not on wireless, the picture zoom has glitched, and a bunch of missing info.
lennine ratingone App doesn't have up-to-date notifications orinfo.
lenthirteen ratingone AND, I'm sorry, WHY does FB need to read my call log?
lenten ratingone It takes forever to load the news feeds and photo.
lenfifteen ratingtwo I don't even get notifications anymore, have to manually go in and refresh it.
lensix ratingtwo Needs to be sd card writable.
leneleven ratingthree Doesn't load pictures quick enough and sometimes not at all.
lentwentynine ratingone Now,  not only do we have to put up with freezing,  not updating,  and not displaying pictures properly,  we now have "In your face"  ads for other Android apps!
lenten ratingone For God's sake, people DO NOT want these ads.
lenthirteen ratingtwo freezes and crashes a lot. and add the option to delete comments again
lenthirty ratingfour Pretty faster then before but still some heavy bugs Like, can't delete comments, pics uploding problem, and the major pain is still can't upload pics on my page!
leneleven ratingone Can't post on friends' walls, force closes all the time.
lenfifteen ratingone It doesn't let me update my status is getting freaking annoying change it please
lenthirteen ratingone Starts itself up and runs in the background until the battery is dead.
lennineteen ratingone When on WiFi sometimes will try to update, have to switch from WiFi to network to make it work.
lennineteen ratingtwo Keeps crashing when I go to use it, can't see photos so once again another messed up update
lensix ratingtwo App loads about half the time
lentwelve ratingfour Would give it 5 stars, but I can't change my cover photo.
lenten ratingfour There isn't a camera icon on the bottom right.
lenfifteen ratingone The last version of Facebook on my phone always logout and shown Facebook authentication failed!!!!
lenseven ratingtwo My status's don't get posted.
lenfive ratingtwo It takes forever tk load.
lenfive ratingone Wont work over wifi anymore.
lensix ratingone Not updating status & full of errors
lenfortythree ratingthree I wish Facebook would give its widgets a face lift more it needs to be more sleaker with more options from the widgets instead of having to open the app it needs a widget like the widget for the twitter app Falcon pro
lenfourteen ratingone Sometime u cant login Showing error and error Or Taking a so much space
lennine ratingone Will not upload or load photos and force closes!!
lenfourteen ratingone please make this app better & faster thanks !? & it always want me to 'Force Close'
lensix ratingone You cannot even delete a comment.
lensix ratingone You cant even edit your comments.
lenfortysix ratingone Speaking of comments, this is absolutely the most INFURIATING thing I've ever experienced on my phone: I've typed a huge well thought out comment and suddenly my big fingers miss a button and taps on the screen and boom everything i wrote is gone.
lennine ratingone Ever since the update I get constant network errors.
leneighteen ratingone If I try to log out of the app to fix it, I can't log back in.
lenfourteen ratingone I have to reboot my entire phone to get the error to go away
lenseven ratingtwo Could improve on speed and memory usage.
lenthree ratingtwo Force closes often.
lentwentytwo ratingthree But key functions of this version are removed such as the ability to delete comments of yours or others on your statuses.
leneleven ratingtwo FB is always pushing how much info they can send you.
lenfourteen ratingtwo I wish this app had more controls for what one would like to receive.
lentwelve ratingtwo I wish it had an option to not load at start up...
lenfourteen ratingone This is the only app that continuously freezes my phone and stops it responding
lenthirteen ratingone Facebook keeps saying no network and dosen't load pictures update is useless!!!
lenten ratingone It doesn't capture my location automatically on my updates...
leneighteen ratingone Also when I like some status it doesn't appear when I see the same status next time.
leneight ratingone Pathetically slow for such a big internet presense.
lennine ratingone No pictures show in news feed now, C'mon.
lenthirty ratingthree Facebook should have an edit button for ALL statues & comments do to sometimes you forget or miss spell a word and people have already gotten likes on there  statues/comments. .......
leneleven ratingtwo but while commenting on an album is not possible from mobile...
lennine ratingone Image not download and text not edit n copy.
lenthirteen ratingone but it just won't refresh unless I close the app and reopen....
lentwelve ratingtwo It doesn't even updates my news feed and my friends request...
lentwentysix ratingtwo Please sort out the fact that I can't post any of my status, tryed for two hour's to post one thing, was very annoyed.
lenfourteen ratingfour Just when you pull up a picture, sometimes it takes forever to to back
lenten ratingtwo "Likes" are automatically "unliked" each time I exit the app.
lenfourteen ratingtwo I can't delete or edit posts/comments like I could in older versions.
lenfour ratingone internet problems, god sake!
leneleven ratingone Since the last update, it force closes more than it works.
lenfifteen ratingone Idk if its my phone or this app but it won't detect my location ....
lennine ratingone Now newsfeed either loads slowly or not at all.
lenseventeen ratingone I'm not using it and battery but it tells me facebook has used 5% of my battery
lenthree ratingone Constantly force closes.
lenthirty ratingone The update claims to be faster at loading timelines but it's slower then ever and doesn't even load half the time, this goes with notifications news feed messages...
lennineteen ratingtwo No app should take up 26mb of space without the ability to move any of it to the SD card.
lennine ratingone Whenever I post new status updates it never shows!
leneleven ratingone Even when I post on friends walls, I can only comment!
lenfive ratingone Takes up too much space!
leneleven ratingthree Wat happen to the cover photo theirs no option for it
lenfourteen ratingthree My live feed tends to switch to just my feeds all on its own.
lentwelve ratingone Pics don't load and very slow even with 4g and full service
lentwelve ratingone Wont let me send an email and its slow on the pics.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Usually i dont have many issues with this app but recently its been slow.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo It takes forever to update statuses to the point where i have to go to my task manager to kill the task; then start up facebook again.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo if i have to manually tell facebook to close and reopen with new update statuses on my newsfeed i might as well uninstall and use facebook mobile.
lenfive ratingone No pics in news feed.
lentwo ratingone Comment errors...
leneight ratingthree It keeps force stopping, should work on that .
lennineteen ratingone If your like something, I will show then automatically un-like it and other things you have liked previously.
lenseven ratingone PLEASE MAKE IT MOVABLE TO SD CARD.
lensix ratingone Won't load pictures or posts.
lensixteen ratingthree after I pull the screen down to refresh it still has statuses from like hrs ago !!!
lentwenty ratingtwo Great app but sometimes makes you force close and dose not let you in but other then that good app,!
lentwentythree ratingone It either freezes or won't up lode any pictures for the past hour every time i go there its blank please fix.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo Except now, when I'm scrolling through my newsfeed, the pictures don't show up unless I tap them and wait five minutes for it to load.
lenthirteen ratingone Bring back the action of deleting comments on our own posts samsung galaxy s2
lennine ratingone Freezing, won't refresh, takes FOREVER to see pictures...
lenthirtyfive ratingfour It is a good app use when am on break at work but it locks up and I have to force close it some times even take the battery out of my phone restart it
lennine ratingone Using Latest update i cant change my fb cover.
lenfifteen ratingone Won't load at all on my Samsung exhibit 4g Will re rate when it works!
lenfive ratingthree but processing is very slow
lenthirteen ratingthree pictures & coments dont upload so i have to go back to the web
leneight ratingone This app needs a new ui and speed.
leneight ratingfour The only drawback is the freezing at times.
lenseven ratingtwo It force closes since the last update......
lentwentyone ratingtwo Every time I try to refresh my notifications window I get an error that says cannot receive notifications...timeout has occurred.
lenfive ratingone I cant send friend request....
lenthirteen ratingone Doesn't hold much of a stable connection over wifi on a Nexus 7.
lensix ratingone Cannot log in my android fb
lentwentyone ratingthree it won't load my friends because it says I have no friends and it can't connect to some server.
leneleven ratingfour Need to improve each and everything And i cannot save image.
lenseven ratingfour there is no option to save image
lenseven ratingone Things I like or comment on disappear.
lenseven ratingtwo Won't load pictures on news feeds :(
lenfourteen ratingone But don't update it cuz it will be slower and and never refresh.
leneleven ratingone As soon as I open it, just a constant loading screen.
lensix ratingone Can't edit out delete posts.
lentwelve ratingone I get zero notifications, it lags severely and takes years to load!!
lenseven ratingone Has constant network errors even on wifi.
lentwentyone ratingone SUX, it took forevvveerrr to upload my videos and then would not let me comment on them the pics were ok.
lensix ratingthree Still dont have 'save image' menu???
lentwelve ratingtwo pics won't load past first couple of posts on my newsfeed.
lenthirtyseven ratingone Ever since I updated Facebook my photos don't load on my news feed it constantly says network error and tonight I just realized for the past couple days everything I thought I posted didn't post!
lenten ratingone Force closing,  won't update, stinking slow,  updated my butt.
leneleven ratingone Won't show posts i make or let me change pictures.
lenseven ratingone Always says network error it never works
leneighteen ratingfour This app I just wish it did not take up a lot of your phone especially the ram.
lenseven ratingone Nothing loading, And it hasnt for weeks..
lenthree ratingfour Option is removed.
lenseven ratingone I still cannot post text only status. :(
lenseven ratingone Since the update it force closes randomly.
lennine ratingone The FB app force closes after the initialising page.
lenfourteen ratingone When open all things such as notification,messages,pictures,videos, and status all sloww.!!!
lenfour ratingthree So slow loading pictures!
lenthirteen ratingfour sometimes can't open videos and keeps changing from most recent to newsfeed
lenfiftyone ratingtwo Since 2 updates ago i'm not able to change mi cover foto, before I had an option on the bottom right, just clicked it and choose a new one, but I was expecting that to be fixed in this update and still nothing, when will I be able to do so?
lenthirteen ratingtwo My phone automatically updated my facebook to a much more slow running app!
lentwentyfour ratingone I can't even view my Facebook and when I could it was never a live news feed as it is on my desktop.
lensixteen ratingone Even after selecting most recent option it still showed some new and some from hours ago.
leneight ratingfour Can't see posts past about a page.
lenfortyfour ratingone I cannot update my status, when someone likes or comments I don't get the notification for hours, it doesn't show up in the newsfeed that someone likes or comments, I have updated my status twice today and you can't see it.
lentwentyone ratingtwo If I click on a photo from the app, it'll stay on the photo and wont let me close Facebook.
lenfifteen ratingone Thank you for taking away my ability to change my cover photo from my phone.
lentwelve ratingone The news feed doesn't always update when I pull it down.
lenfifteen ratingone Messages sometime don't load or glitch and are out of order, same with notifications.
leneleven ratingone Also people's profiles sometimes wont load, an same for groups.
leneighteen ratingone Once if I like my friends post it automatically undo d option, can't tag photos some times....
lenfive ratingone Comment loadin s very slow....
lensixteen ratingone while chatting we can't able to see their chats after two min only its visible...
lennine ratingone it simply says not enough memory with even 500MB available....
lennineteen ratingone I've just upgraded,n now whenever i click on any pic to see, the app is force closed!
lennineteen ratingone Pictures on main screen won't load, and when clicked on to make bigger still won't load up.
lentwelve ratingthree I would love to be able to see my news feed chronologically.
lentwelve ratingtwo Always having network errors and loading times are getting longer and longer.
lennineteen ratingtwo It's not my phone or my network that's the problem otherwise everything else would be slow too.
lenseventeen ratingtwo It is not smooth while browsing , it is always clicking as if it is too heavy application
lenthree ratingone Force closes forever
lenfourteen ratingtwo I wanted to send multiple picturea to friends timeline but wouldn't give option
lenfive ratingone App takes forever to load.
lentwelve ratingone Will appear to be loading a status update but will not post.
leneight ratingthree I can't upload pics OR check-in.
leneleven ratingthree Now its getting better,only i cant change my cover photo......
lentwentyseven ratingfour Its an best app but eat a lot of internal space becomes slower day by day place make it moveable to sd and fix its speeding problem
lenten ratingone Make it possible to move the app to SD card.
lenfour ratingone Still a bit unstabil.
lenfive ratingone cant view more than 30 notification.
lensix ratingfour Nice but comments can not removed
leneleven ratingone i can't see any pictures and it is extremely slow!!
leneleven ratingone Also why can't we delete posts and change cover pictures???!!
lenfourteen ratingtwo After last update, I tag people but after leaving the page nothing is saved.
lentwo ratingtwo Tags lost.
lenthirtythree ratingone I just installed the latest update to see if it would help with other problems I was experiencing, now all it does it crashes and force closes within seconds of me getting on.
lenfifteen ratingone I just installed this 30 minutes ago, and in a span of 15 minutes had 7 force closes!!!
lenthree ratingone No chat availe...
lensix ratingthree can't view pictures at all!
lenseven ratingtwo why I can't delete the comment ??!
lenfour ratingone Blank screen than crashed
lenseven ratingtwo just status on loading even on wifi.
lenseven ratingthree Won't let me see load pics
lenforty ratingone I dont know the reason why , but everytime i click on a new pic , it takes me to a whole different pic, not sure why, also this app is very slow :/ , and freezes my phone all the time,, please fix
lensix ratingthree I cuold'nt read hindi font...
lenfive ratingone Images dont appear at all.
lennine ratingone Need updates to current or recent update on newsfeed.
lenfive ratingone Very poor visibility on pages.
lensix ratingone New update has constant network error.
lentwo ratingone Occasionally connects.
lenthree ratingone Loss of functionality!
leneighteen ratingtwo For the most part, the app works fine for me, except when I comment on someone's status.
leneighteen ratingtwo If the status has a lot of comments it takes forever to scroll all the way back down.
lenfive ratingone Keep getting a network error.
lenfour ratingone Can't upload statuses.
lentwentyfour ratingfour I want to change my password in this app but I cant. Please tell me how I can do that without log in browser?
lensixteen ratingone NONE of the pictures whether they are posts or profile pics show in my news feed.
lenthirtyfive ratingone I have to click the image to view it and then when I push the back button it refreshes the picture, I have to hit the back button 3 times to get back to the newsfeed!
lenten ratingone Not to mention it is insanely slow at loading pictures.
lenseventeen ratingone And when commenting on something, the screen scrolls up randomly and stops entering what I'm typing.
lenseventeen ratingthree Ever sence the update I can't delete people's comments or change the second profile picture.
lenfifteen ratingone this latest version always says network problem or connection failed and always gets force stop .
lentwenty ratingone This is very dead slow while uploading albulms or photos and it takes a lot of hours to upload them .
lensixteen ratingone the older version is 100% better than the latest version so please fix the older version again .
lenfourteen ratingone my chat messages don't work the same. They don't pop up right.
lentwelve ratingone cant refresh, has to close out then go back in to update.
leneleven ratingone It now takes forever to refresh news feed upon loading up?
lensix ratingone Wi-Fi or 3G Worst version EVER!
lenfive ratingone Won't hold internet connection!!
lentwentythree ratingtwo since the last update, facebook wont load when I am on wifi so I have to use mobile data(which can get expensive).
leneight ratingtwo I can't delete my posts anymore either.
lenseven ratingfour So many mb,i dont like it.
lentwelve ratingone Once I click the back button, everything restart again from the beginning.
leneighteen ratingone I want to continue the following post but not back to the first post that my fren posted.
lenseven ratingtwo there is no provision for deleting comments.
lensix ratingone & it force closes all the time!
lentwentyfive ratingone When sharing posts from other pages it doesn't ever show up in other people's newsfeed or people have you marked as close friend.
leneighteen ratingone Says I have a network error when I don't, won't load pics.hate hate hate it!
lenseven ratingone Now trying to uninstall and its frozen!
lenfortyeight ratingone I just updated this last night and I already hate it for one it takes forever to get into facebook,network errors,if I knew this was gonna happen I would NEVER uploaded it you need to fix this and fix this NOW or make a better updated
lenten ratingfour But Please Fix The Lagging Issues And The "Force Close"
lentwenty ratingone Every time I log on it takes forever to upload or it will tell me there is a network error.
lenfour ratingtwo can't edit comments :(
lenten ratingtwo Can't be able to edit or delete ur comments.
lenten ratingtwo Most of the times this app freezes nd suddenly closed.
lenfourteen ratingone This app loads a bunch of extra cookies and what not on ur phone.
lentwentyeight ratingone If you go to see what apps are open, it will show 3 or so diff fb apps and theyre all dfferent.even though I didnt add anything extra.
lentwelve ratingone I can't tag people, upload anything, search, or see my notifications! :(
leneleven ratingone Comments, likes, etc, and showing network error most of the time
lenten ratingone Until I realize that this app slows down entire os.
lentwenty ratingone Plus, it gives me lots of network errors, fc's. It was fine, now it's a piece of junk.
lennineteen ratingone Too frequent force close, install/uninstall, network error, freeze phone, extremely slow load, no pics, can't search EVER!
lenfour ratingone Always get error msg.
lenthirteen ratingone Since upgrade messaging does not work, looses connection, most time does not connect.
lenseven ratingtwo It just takes forever to do anything
lenfourteen ratingone I had Facebook downloaded but deleted the app because it was way too slow!
leneight ratingone For two days I have had no connection.
lenseven ratingone It won't update my news feed.
lenseven ratingone Half the time can not like something.
lenthirteen ratingone You can't see the pictures in the news feed which is ANNOYING!
lentwentyone ratingone Network error comes up every time I try to sign on,it takes literally 8 mins for half a page to load.
lentwelve ratingone Keep having to reset my network connection to access the app, annoying.
lenten ratingthree Trouble loading slow how to uninstall and reinstall to work.
lenfourteen ratingone Takes up too much internal memory have to keep clearing history & cache to use!
leneight ratingfour Why won't it download on my HTC
lenseven ratingone force closes pictures with suddenly stop appearing
lentwo ratingtwo Forces close.
lenfive ratingtwo upgrade means upgrade,not downgrade.
lenseven ratingone You can't even save a photo.
lentwelve ratingone When I try to view a picture it takes forever to load.
lennineteen ratingone I wish they would update this  You cant even update statuses to facebook on this This is not recommended
leneight ratingthree Unable to make any post with my galaxy S3.
lenfour ratingtwo It loads very slow
lennine ratingone Can't update my friend's avatar in chat
lensix ratingone Keeps reloading and saying network error!!
lenten ratingtwo Cld b so much better it is just so slow!
lenfour ratingone Its just nver loading.
lenfifteen ratingfour I can't  post on my status , I can like comment on everything  else tho.
lenten ratingfour It was nice but it show who connect on chat
lenfourteen ratingtwo Wallpost don't update even when your refresh. Unless you log out and in.
leneleven ratingtwo The chat doesn't show everyone online just same set people.
lenfour ratingone Not loading, network error.
lenfour ratingone Notifications dont come through.
leneight ratingfour Even though its slow it runs pretty good
lennineteen ratingtwo I'm not able to update my status nor can I login into my spotify account because of Facebook.
lenthirteen ratingone y i cant able to edit or delete my comment its very emberssing
lennineteen ratingone Sucks, lot of bugs, crash constantly, lately the hosted on your friends status reload from Weeks and dates before.
lentwelve ratingone The updated FB app is causing my entire phone to keep crashing.
lenfourteen ratingone I have to constantly restart my phone because of error messages for all apps.
lenseven ratingone Too slow wont load before loses connection.
lenfourteen ratingone Constantly crashes, has problems with network (nothing else does), doesn't load pictures etc.
lenseven ratingtwo They take up so much page space .
lennine ratingtwo Very slow and wont load  anything 90% of the time.
lenfourteen ratingtwo now it's freezing up. not only the app, but my whole phone too.
lenseven ratingtwo I can't comment our deer comments.
leneight ratingtwo Keep freezing on me and boot off smh
lenfourteen ratingthree can't change cover photo on phone. takes a long time to load pages.
lensix ratingfour There's no Changing Cover photo.
lentwenty ratingfour At the right down corner of the cover photo, there's no camera symbol to change the cover photo immediately.
lenten ratingone (This review is about as current as my news feed.)
lennine ratingone 1)often unable to post and get "network error" message.
lenten ratingtwo This app used to be great now it forces shut .
lenthirtyone ratingtwo I can't see pics or it takes forever for them to open and I can't change my cover photo unless I go on the computer.please fix these issues!
leneighteen ratingone This app is hopeless & frustrating, never loads, clearing app data, removing & reinstalling the app still doesn't work.
lenseven ratingtwo It wil eat moi whole internal memory .
lenfive ratingtwo And its crashes several times .
lennine ratingtwo Pls add a option to move to Sd card .
lenten ratingthree This app eats a lot of memory on my phone.
lennine ratingthree I can't move the app to sd card.
lenfive ratingone Keeps saying it network error
leneight ratingone After update , i cant post my status anymore.
leneight ratingone Phone freezes every time I use this app.
lensix ratingone Facebook keeps force closing please fix
lenfive ratingthree Takes up to much memory
lenthirteen ratingthree It does not have notifications for when people like something on your page!
lenfourteen ratingtwo And the lamest thing is everytime someone likes something it shows in my feed.
lentwentyfour ratingone My Galaxy Ace has an incredibly limited amount of space, although I have a 16 GB SD card plugged in to make up for it.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Everything was great until the last update, everything got slow and freezes up since .
lenfifteen ratingone Slow freezes and doesn't load on a consistent basis fix it this is unacceptable
lenfour ratingone Always network error wtf
lenfifteen ratingthree I would like to see the post I'm commenting on while I comment though.
lentwenty ratingthree When I reply I like to reread the post and make sure spelling and content are correct to the post.
lentwentysix ratingone Please fix the app so that it doesn't look for a location unless you tell it to, such as when you're checking in somewhere.
lentwo ratingone Terribly slow
lensix ratingone It force closes all the time.
leneleven ratingone I want to be able to change my cover pic again.
lenfour ratingone This keeps moving slow.
lennine ratingone Freezes my phone cant upload photos moves really slow.
lentwentysix ratingone I like the layout of the latest version, but it is the slowest yet and crashes all the time when trying to view comments or photos.
lentwentyfour ratingfour Ive been running on samsung s I for ever now all the sudden its not loading n neither does it on tge web browser.
lenseven ratingone GOD FORBID I SHOULD OPEN A PICTURE!!
lenten ratingone I cannot make posts from the app, only the internet!!
lentwentysix ratingfour Facebook is good and all but its so slow its slowed my phone right down its not funny and it's not letting me like stuff
lenfive ratingone Profile pictures can't scroll
lensix ratingtwo 5 mb pic can't be upload
lenfourteen ratingtwo fb is lame, i don't want them being able to listen in w
leneight ratingtwo e and look and my pics and junk
lensixteen ratingfour it's a bit slow bt good for uploading photos and changing cover photos via phone
lennine ratingfour bt still need some improvements to make it faster
lenfifteen ratingone grrrrr after the update my phone isn't working right and i cannot access facebook
leneleven ratingone tried deleting and reinstalling the fb app still cannot get it
lenten ratingthree it's okay for my galaxy s2, but on galaxy note 10
lenfive ratingthree earlier version is more better
lenfive ratingtwo pictures take forever to load
lenfourteen ratingone sucks, this new version doesn't let me like friends comments in my posts
lenseven ratingthree it also won't load any pics
lentwelve ratingone i am not able to view pictures in my samsung galaxy s
leneleven ratingthree it tells me i have a message when i don't
lentwenty ratingthree gripe is trying to upload multiple pics, it worked fine before but now it freezes halfway through the second pic
lentwentysix ratingone now everytime i try to post a status i have to try  two or three times then i get a message saying try again later (null)
lenseventeen ratingone and because i am not updating it has gone back to an old old version of facebook
lensixteen ratingone until it's made into a good app again i won't use facebook on phone
lenten ratingone very disappointed in you :( lucky you even got one star
lenseventeen ratingtwo would you make it possible for the app to be moved to sd card for galaxy y
leneight ratingtwo it eats a lot of memory on phone
lentwenty ratingone this app is horrible won't upload my pics, and keeps asking me to add friends when i say no
lenthirteen ratingone everytime i want to post a comment it will show an error message
lenthirteen ratingone its always comes that there is no network this app is a waste
leneighteen ratingfour its nice to have this app but pls add a way for us to change the cover photo
lentwentytwo ratingtwo thus app use to be really good and now its slow, says "network error with full wifi or 4g and never shows pictures
lentwentyone ratingtwo its better off barrowing a friends phone that isnt a droid and signing on their phone to look at your facebook
leneleven ratingthree games and product links all want to post to my timeline
lenfourteen ratingone oh don't worry we'll bother you incessantly about it with annoying popups
lennine ratingfour i hated this app when it was in versions 1
lensix ratingfour xx but is getting better now
lennineteen ratingone why is it that when i first bought my droid facebook works great now it's slow, laggy, etc
lennine ratingone i can understand on 3g but on wifi at home
lenfive ratingone doesnt work half the time
lenseventeen ratingone uninstalled this app always shows network error, slow in updating latest feeds, does not show latest notif
lenthirteen ratingone fb for blackberry curve is  even better and works great in my iphone
lentwenty ratingone well the new update fixed speed and ui though i can't do any posts they just dont show up
lenseven ratingone / update/ i still cant post any status
lenseven ratingone could not post or share my post
lenfour ratingone unfortunately facebook was stop
lenfour ratingone samsung galaxy note 2 v 4
lentwentyfive ratingthree i've read through some reviews on the same phone model i have and everyine has the same problem as me, where are the pictures
lenfour ratingfive hoy no facebook dawnload
lensix ratingone now cant view pics at all
lenthirtyone ratingfour 2) everytime i want to view a photo from a liked page, it automatically shows the next photo or the next 2 photos that page put up earlier, very annoying, please fix this
lenten ratingone is selected, it still shows 6 hrs ago before 10 min ago
lenfour ratingone unable to load potos
lenten ratingtwo nd even after reading d notifications it still remains unchecked
lenfive ratingtwo plzzz fix these bugs soooon
lenten ratingthree how comic book guy would say it from the simpsons
lenthree ratingone constant "network errors"
lennine ratingone usually freezes when i try to comment or like
lennineteen ratingone this update sucks nothing loads takes forever and you have restart it many times for it to come up
lentwelve ratingone also says no internet connection when in full service or using wifi
lentwentysix ratingone we need access to the other inbox -- please create a shortcut so we can access the other inbox in the side menu on our facebook app
lensix ratingone or photos on friends on mobile
lentwelve ratingone we need to be able to hide posts from the mobile stream
lenfour ratingone cant search my pages
lenfour ratingthree prefer using my laptop
lenseven ratingone doesnt even let me download the app
lenthree ratingtwo contstant network errors
lenseven ratingone please fix or i am leaving facebook
lenfifteen ratingone now fb doesn't work at all on my phone the screen is just black
lennine ratingtwo why can't i share pictures in my timeline
lennine ratingone probably my alcatel ot890 is a little bit crapy (os 2
leneight ratingone 1, 2g network) but the factory app at least works
lensixteen ratingone yeah pls fix this app you ppl make more than enough money to gix this crap
lenfour ratingone statuses, updates, notificatuons, etc
lenfifteen ratingone ever since i downloaded this update it doesn't even open it just "force closes" >
leneleven ratingone news feed would only update if the app was force closed
lennine ratingone its always stalling and freezes my phone and nothing
leneight ratingthree is anyone else havin problems with pictures loading
leneight ratingone 'force close' appeared over 7 times in only 1 minute
leneight ratingone and now i cant log in fb anymore@
leneleven ratingtwo shiii i close the daaammm**** thing and go on the internet
lenseven ratingtwo >_< it makes me mad allll the time
lensix ratingfive invalid file everyday stop it plzz
lensixteen ratingtwo haven't been able to see pics people share and post for over two weeks now
lenten ratingtwo still waiting for a new update to fix this issue
lennine ratingtwo getting close to just deleting the app all together
lennine ratingfour it was too slow for my htc desire c
lentwelve ratingfour but it still have some problems with chatting not satisfied with app
lennine ratingfour pictures load faster but it keeps saying network error
lenten ratingone cut this crap n let us upload the photos u
lenfour ratingone useful useless application makers
lenthree ratingone ck facebook updates
lennineteen ratingone i though it was a developer's job to improve apps but really guy's are you that bored
lennineteen ratingone it take a long time to pull up my facebook page and i can't look at my facebook
lenseven ratingone very poor take forever to load comments
lennine ratingone always says error loading i just really hatee it
lenten ratingone two plus months and you refuse to fix the problem
lenseven ratingone no wonder ur stocks tanked so bad
lenthirteen ratingone seems to me ur app is for apple users not android users now
lentwentythree ratingthree since the update it is crazy hard and elaborate to create albums and upload pictures, which is 80% of what i use facebook for
lenfive ratingone pics take forever to load
lenthirteen ratingone 10  not changing # of stars and now still cant update the statuses as well
lentwelve ratingfour feels a bit sluggish when scrolling ;( but the speed has defiantly increased
lentwentytwo ratingfour the truth of the matter is facebook needs to put the same effort they put into ios that they put into android
leneight ratingone i uninstalled then reinstalled, worked like a champ
lennine ratingtwo using too much internal memory everytime you release updates
lenthree ratingfive uygulama sper hatta baz
lensix ratingfive berbat diyo ben galaxy mini kullan
lenthree ratingone bad bad bad
lentwentysix ratingone 1 in galaxy s3 n i hav kept option of chat availabiliy on during using the facebook app but i never appears online to my friends plz help
lenfive ratingone hi i m usin facebook 2
lentwentysix ratingone 1 in galaxy s3 n i hav kept option of chat availabiliy on during using the facebook app but i never appears online to my friends plz help
lenfour ratingfour a great ux overall
lenthirtyfour ratingfour but we could really use a few fixes like clicking the apps from the sidebar opens them in play store rather than opening the app itself (this happened when i tried to open soundcloud )
lenseven ratingthree because of uploading speed is very slow
lenten ratingone the worst after the last update, if you log off
leneight ratingone i hope the first virsion to be returned
lenseven ratingone im, like most people, a facebook addict
lensix ratingone wont even connect half the time
lensixteen ratingtwo when i try to back up out of a picture i have to press back 5 times
lentwelve ratingtwo sometimes when i opened the app its hang then go to crash
lenfour ratingtwo stay with previous version
lenthirtysix ratingthree if you have hundreds of friends who post a lot, the news feed keeps resetting every few seconds and you can never finish scrolling down to read the statuses before it goes back to the top
lenten ratingfive all works are automatically done here and automstic udates etc
lenfive ratingfive thnx fb snd thnx android
leneight ratingthree is anyone else havin problems with pictures loading
lentwentyfour ratingone it would be more efficient to engrave a rock and kick it over to their mailbox as to attempt to comment, like, or etc
lensix ratingone i can not change profile picture
lentwelve ratingone won't post updates the first time, have to copy, paste, repost
leneight ratingone are you purposely making this app suck balls
lensix ratingone sometimes it won't even load
leneleven ratingone pics don't load, comments don't load, won't refresh
lenseven ratingone everytime i try to use this app
lenfour ratingone stop making bad updates
lentwelve ratingtwo i keep jumping from yourself app to face book on the internet
lenseven ratingtwo either way your product is seriously frustrating
lenseven ratingtwo your app frequently doesn't allow comments
lennine ratingtwo the internet product ignores all my block settings etc
leneleven ratingtwo i am seriously thinking of not bothering anymore with mobile facebook
lenfive ratingone can't change cover picture
lentwentysix ratingfour i have apparently not the latest version of facebook app on my android device as it keeps trying to update it, but it says "unsufficient storage"
lentwenty ratingfour which is false, i do have a lot of storage available, and it's the online app to not update
lensixteen ratingfour all others have been updated with no problem, and fb keeps saying this for 2 weeks now
lenseven ratingone the simpler facebook was fast and easy
lensixteen ratingone do away with timeline also no video that is posted by my phone or anyone elses
lenten ratingone i know this stuff takes time but come on already
lensix ratingone app crashes when viewing photos etc
lensix ratingone app crashes when viewing photos etc
lentwelve ratingtwo it fb just decided to be wonky on this samsung galaxy s
lenfour ratingtwo will try uninstall/reinstall
lennine ratingfive ha with that nasty stuff please he took u
lenthree ratingfour pages  wont load
lenfour ratingone developer are requested plz
lenthree ratingone dsnt load anymore
lenten ratingone like facebook but it will not let me share pics
lenfourteen ratingthree i have the note and this app sucks, constant freezing, unable to upload etc
lenten ratingfour can't put photos on cover there is no camara
lennine ratingfour oh wait i fix it not yall#so aggervating
lentwentytwo ratingone i dont like how is working it just tell me to force close you got to fix it and its getting freeze>:(
lenfour ratingone - totally hate this app
lenthree ratingone es por favor
lensix ratingone cant c d pics at ol
leneight ratingone all updates takes up all the storage room
lenfive ratingone dont waan urs this aap
lenten ratingtwo i never had issues previously with any of those updates
leneight ratingthree its a love hate relationship with this app
lenthirteen ratingthree always have issues with fb but its the most used app i have
lenseven ratingthree it does keep getting better every update
lentwelve ratingthree on occasion, and it doesn't always update new posts/comments/etc
lennine ratingfive great app , fix the uploading pics on galaxy s 3
lentwentyone ratingthree and we want editing the comment ,,also i have problem when i write comment on my wall's post, samsung galaxy s2 4
lensix ratingone this is terrible for x10 mini pro
leneight ratingone pictures upload sometimes and sometimes they don't
lenseven ratingone i keep getting a no network connection
leneight ratingfour terrible,cant post,glitches every time i try
lensixteen ratingfour would give it zero due to having to uninstall or reboot and hope for the best
lenfour ratingfour fatally flawed this version
lenthree ratingthree consume more spacee
leneleven ratingone network error always though i have a excellent signal from wifi
leneleven ratingthree after first download everything works great but then pics dont show
lenfour ratingthree uninstalled app and reinstalled
lenfifteen ratingthree then after awhile pics disappearing installing and reinstalling is really  annoying and please fix this
lenten ratingfive n the pop upm notifications on the taskbar are awesome
lenfive ratingone don't want this bull
lenfive ratingtwo i bought a galaxy note 10
lensixteen ratingtwo 1 tablet hoping tbat facebook would be far easier to use when away from my laptop/desktop
lenseventeen ratingtwo sadly it's fair to say that the latest version of facebook on a samsung galaxy note 10
lenthirteen ratingtwo 1 is probably one of the worse experiences that i've had to endure
lennineteen ratingone i have these little white boxes everywhere and it won't let me get to my timeline, messages, etc
lenthirteen ratingone can pls pls pls fix the bugs on the fb app for android
lensix ratingone :(( using sony ericsson by the way
leneleven ratingone basically all i can do is scroll through the news feed
lenfive ratingone cant even check my notifications
leneleven ratingtwo 90% of the time when i click on a picture, it says
lennine ratingtwo it can not retrieve the photo at this time
lennine ratingone no location is recorded when posting a status update
lensix ratingone cantt upload pictures and post pictures
lensix ratingone eats lot of memory and battery
lenthirteen ratingone using the browser is much better than the app :p unistalling the app
leneight ratingone latest update is completely a piece of shit
lenseven ratingthree ok app but need to fix some
lenthirteen ratingone always in waiting mode, pics won't show up, posts don't post
leneight ratingthree one problem it always keep saying network error
lenthirtyone ratingthree facebook messageer works fine but i  use both because i upload pictures and stuff sp can u please fix that and o review this app again and give it a 5 star
lenfour ratingone via standard browser to
lenseven ratingone put the controls for us people who
leneight ratingone use facebook back in put hands  not yours
lenthree ratingtwo likes & comments delayed
lensix ratingone cannot see notifications from weeks ago
lentwelve ratingone get notifications late or either the just dont show up at all
lenthree ratingone app lags alot
leneight ratingone update should be better not make it worst
leneight ratingone it doesn't upload my status nor pictures
lenten ratingone really annoying that i can only upload pictures from instagram
lennineteen ratingtwo things cause it will unlike can't change timeline pic, slow & takes to long to load & look at pics
lenfourteen ratingone now when i upload pics i get an error yet the picture still uploads
lentwenty ratingone it doesn't refresh the way it used to, the location disappeared, and it's very delayed when sending notifications
lensix ratingone facebook apps is not responding right
lennine ratingone i can't post status on my wall now
lenfourteen ratingone what's the point of using the app if you can't see pictures
lenten ratingone i cant see pics, its slower && makes my phone sloww -
lentwentyone ratingone gonna delete      somehere, probably when i last updated fbook, the app autochecked the box for auto updates, which i never do
lennineteen ratingone ever since the last update i can't are any pix on the news feed or my profile page
lensix ratingone the cell tower thing is cute
leneight ratingthree keeps crashing when looking at pics and events
lentwentyone ratingthree :/ takes ages to get back on it and sometimes i have to restart my tab to get it to work again
lenten ratingtwo jusy updated the app and now it wont even load
lentwelve ratingone just can't post anything whether it be a photo or status
lenseven ratingone i'm trying to uninstall n reinstall
lenfive ratingone hasn't loaded for days
lenseventeen ratingone f'n ridiculous can't even use it for more than 5 minutes before it force closes ;c
leneighteen ratingone it also only gives me my others notifications when you i clear my data/force stop the application
lenseven ratingone mobile pictures or only on old albums
leneight ratingone half of my news feed doesn't appear
lensix ratingone i can't view comment threads
lentwentyseven ratingthree I never posted a low review of the Facebook app before because even though it didn't do everything I wanted it to, at least it worked.
lentwo ratingfour Excellent app.....
leneight ratingone When this app went native, it was fine.
lensix ratingone Two updates afterwards, its HORRIBLE again.
leneleven ratingone The worst app I've ever had the displeasure of downloading.
lenseven ratingone Surely it should be better than this?
lenfour ratingone This last update sucks!
lenfour ratingone I hate this app.
leneighteen ratingthree if I use facebook on my phone but with the browser not the app everything shows up fine
leneight ratingone Didnt even want to give it one star.
lenten ratingtwo But a good in disguise is the page loads faster
lenseven ratingone not satisfied with the app right now
lenfour ratingtwo This app is garbage.
lenthree ratingone Worst update ever..
lentwentyone ratingfour After using this on the Droid X, CyanogenMod 7 and 10 (Nook color), and Droid Razr HD, still product seems stable for me.
lennine ratingfour I love facebook i wil never stop using facebook
lenfour ratingone This app is beat.
lenfive ratingone The last verison was better.
leneight ratingone Everything worked fine until about a week ago.
leneight ratingone After an update it becames annoying and useless...
lenfive ratingfour Nothing more need Be said.
lennine ratingone You cant change it evertime its updated it sucks.
lenseven ratingone Why fix something that wasn't broken??
lenthree ratingone Facebook app sucks!
lenthree ratingone Worse update ever
lenten ratingone restarted phone still no work I am seriously not happy!
lenthree ratingone Doesn't update.
lenseven ratingone I'm using the web page now.
lennine ratingone How long will it take to fix this bug????
lentwentyfour ratingone I can only assume that a company with the resources of FB would release an app when it does what they want it to.
lennineteen ratingone Which leads to the  question of why would you want to release an app that's a complete mess?
lenthree ratingone Lousy Share implementation?
lensix ratingone shame they call it an update!!!
lentwo ratingone Seriously unhappy.
leneight ratingthree In a MOBILE app that is incredibly lame.
lennine ratingone The past two upgrades have made Facebook run horribly.
lennine ratingone Please revert to old version that actually was reliable.
lenthirteen ratingtwo This update is taking years to open due to this airtime is wasting....
lentwelve ratingfour I really good for people who are not on computers a lot.
lenseventeen ratingthree App is very sluggish does what it's supposed to but with every update it gets worse.
leneight ratingone Earlier version was little bit faster than this..
lenfive ratingone It should be corrected asap..
lentwo ratingone Updates sucks...
lenten ratingone You are currently the #1 social networking site in the world...
lennine ratingone im deleting my account if this isn't fixed!!!!
lensix ratingone Very bad, fix all the bugs!!!!!!
lensix ratingtwo u guys nid to fix this!
lennine ratingthree This app is just a wrapper for the website.
lenfifteen ratingthree If you want to satisfy users (and raise your stock prices) fix your mobile apps.
lenten ratingthree Otherwise people may move to google+, which is gaining ground.
lenthirteen ratingthree Mobile browsing is now bigger than computer browsing, and your screwing it up.
lenthree ratingone Time to UNINSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lenfour ratingone I hate fb app..
lensix ratingtwo It's a very irritating app.
lenfive ratingtwo That may lose your temper.
lenfifteen ratingone So facebook, you had a really good update so why'd you make another one?
lenfive ratingone Facebook is really crappy now.
lenseven ratingone It was working fine until I updated.
leneight ratingone It's better to access fb via browser...
lenfifteen ratingone There are no regular updates from d developers even d updates didn't change much..
lentwenty ratingone Yes, I use Facebook, but there are better alternatives for using it on Android, thanks to FB's developers API.
lenfive ratingone Wait for the next version.
lensix ratingone This most recent update is AWFUL.
lentwentyseven ratingtwo The privacy invasion of this app make me often use the fb site from my phone b/c of the list of when everyone was last on.
leneight ratingone you guys fix a problem n create another.
lensix ratingone update made it worster thn evr.......
lenten ratingone one of the must commonly used apps that people use.
lentwo ratingone CHOPPER EXCHANGE.
leneight ratingone Fix it or im getting rid of it.
lenseven ratingone Thougth updates were supposed to improve things?????
lenseven ratingtwo I'm sick of this crap app.
lentwo ratingtwo seriously Mark!!
lenfive ratingone it worked besutifully for awhile.
lenten ratingone These kind of errors should not be happening from Facebook.
lenfifteen ratingfour Now I can go to Facebook with out searchon the internet and it is faster .
lenfour ratingone It behaves like malware.
leneight ratingone Please fix because overall the app is great.
lensix ratingtwo I do not like this "update."
lensixteen ratingfour Its better than gettin on the internet when you could just get on it on demand
lensix ratingone Looking forward to it being fixed.
lenthree ratingtwo Great on iphones?!
lenseven ratingtwo Please fix this issue for android users!!!
lenfourteen ratingone So I'm re installing it, hopefully it'll actually let me go on.
lennine ratingone This has to be the worst app i have...
lennine ratingone Agree with all the bad reviews of this app.
lenseven ratingone The last update made the app useless.
lenten ratingone My girlfriend has the same issue on her nexus s.
lenten ratingone Fix it bc I'm about to delete the app.
leneight ratingthree Upgraded my phone, have a Samsung Galaxy S2 now.
lenfifteen ratingthree It still gives me problems once in awhile, but not enough to uninstall the app.
leneleven ratingone I always send the error report and obviously nothing gets fixed.
lenfive ratingone Such a piece of krap.
lennine ratingone Im about to not even use fb any more
leneight ratingone Almost speechless on how bad this app is...!
lensix ratingtwo pls fix this bug FB team..
lenfive ratingone hope you guys fix it...
lentwo ratingone Poor app
lenten ratingone Test connection on browser or other apps, everything is ok.
lennine ratingone This is a critical bug, pls fix it soon.
lennine ratingone So many updates and none have fixed the problem.
lentwenty ratingone Yeah, i don't want to look at photos anyways, so your app is pretty helpful in that regard (sarcasms).
leneight ratingone You are making it into a bad app!
lennine ratingone This app is getting worse and worse each day.
lentwelve ratingthree This app has improved however, it still has a way to go.
lenthirteen ratingthree I long for an app with the stability and functionality of the website.
lensix ratingthree Keep up the progress developer team.
lenfour ratingone Needs an update asap.....
lensix ratingtwo Every update gets worse and worse...
lennine ratingthree Fix this and we'll all be much happier.
lenseven ratingone The most recent update is so awful.
leneleven ratingone The update before the most recent was by far the best.
lentwelve ratingone I dont see how the updates make tis app better of faster.
lensix ratingtwo Doesnt let me update the app!
leneight ratingtwo Facebook and google need to start getting along.
lenthree ratingfour Fb is great
lennine ratingtwo I am uninstalling this app and going to Friendcaster.
lentwelve ratingone Only way to fix for me was to un install the app.
lennine ratingone Fb for android is consistently getting worse and worse.
lenseven ratingone I mean seriously people fix it already.
leneleven ratingone Don't know why it works this way, but very annoying.
lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.
lenfour ratingone Need a new update!
lenfive ratingtwo Pretty crappy for galaxy siii
lenten ratingone Stop trying to make money and make your apps work?
lenseven ratingone Always something with this piece of crap..
lennineteen ratingfour I was trying to uninstall my facebook app because it was so crappy when I came across this update.
lenseven ratingfour I absolutely love my facebook app now!
lenseven ratingfour No more mobile internet Facebook  for me;-)
lenfour ratingone App is useless now!
lensix ratingone You had that in previous versions.
lentwelve ratingone Every new update comes with a new error to the facebook app
lenthirteen ratingthree The Facebook App is improved from before, I enjoy the faster picture loading.
lenten ratingtwo but we all know FB would never be that considerate.
lentwo ratingone Pathetic update
lentwentynine ratingone This piece of carp app is sheet it's forking frustrating it was fine when they originally released the major update but now it's a piece of sheet.
lenfive ratingone Fix your sheet Facebook developers.
lenseven ratingone I prefer use my old facebook app....
leneight ratingthree Other then that its still a great app.
lenten ratingtwo Commenting on a photo from mobile is good and working ...
lennine ratingtwo need a solution for this A. S. A. P
lenfive ratingone Look I''ll be honest.....
leneight ratingone I like the new look, feel and features....
leneleven ratingone No matter the update, it never works right on my phone.
lenthree ratingone This app sucks!!!
leneight ratingone And is there anyway to contact the developers?
lenfour ratingone And is completely annoying.
lentwo ratingfour nice apps....
leneight ratingfour Facebook on android is getting poorer and poorer!
lenseven ratingfour $60billion company can't get an app right!
lensix ratingfour Significant improvement since version 1.0 or so.
lenfour ratingtwo You're getting there...
lenten ratingone Pleaseee FIX and will rate again based on the fix.
leneight ratingtwo I am totally fed up after updating it...
lensix ratingtwo The last version was much better...
lenthirteen ratingone I don't like it at all, I want the old version please!!
lenten ratingone Cmon guys I know you can do better than this.
lenthree ratingone THIS UPDATE SUCKS!!!!!
lenfourteen ratingone I WOULD ACTUALLY PAY MONEY TO DELETE THIS UPDATE, I HATE IT THIS MUCH!!!!
leneight ratingtwo With every update the app gets worse & worse..
lensix ratingone Last view updates have been junk.
leneighteen ratingone Apparently you all just don't have time for us or have the courtesy to fix our problems.
lenfive ratingone I'm uninstalling this app..
lenfive ratingfour People just need to relax.
lenthirteen ratingfour It is not going to be able to do everything a computer can.
leneight ratingfour The app itself has gotten a lot faster.
lenseven ratingfour But that is not facebook's fault.
lenseven ratingfour Love the features they are adding too.
lenseven ratingone Just updated this app and guess what?
lenfour ratingone This app just SHITY!!!!!!
lenthirteen ratingone The app is free, I would hate to have to pay for it!!!!!!
lennine ratingone Agree with everything every one else had said here.
lennine ratingone I recommend others not to update to this version.
lenfour ratingthree A little bit Better
lenthirteen ratingthree What's the point in that feature if it's wrong every time!?
lensix ratingfour Am in luv with this app
lenthirteen ratingthree The new updated version of FB is freaking the nuts out of me.
lentwenty ratingthree If I'm putting a comment against a pic or an update, why the hell can't I remove it??
lenthirteen ratingone I think its time to go back to basics because this app sucks.
lenten ratingfour App is way easier to use  than my Web browser
lentwo ratingone Bad update
leneight ratingthree Better than previous updates, but still not great.
lensixteen ratingthree It's working today but I've learned not to update if it can be helped.
lenthree ratingfour A lot better!
lenfourteen ratingfour Sharing to other pages is fantastic, thanks for finally adding share and share options
lenthree ratingfour Update is ok..
lensixteen ratingfour Everyone is telling a problem but there is no problem for me it just works better
lenten ratingtwo I usually love the Facebook app on my Samsung Galaxy.
lenfour ratingfour Heads off for jekerburg
lentwelve ratingthree Just as FB stocks continue to plummet, so does it's updates!!
lentwo ratingone Awful app!
lentwo ratingfour Excellent functionality.
lenseven ratingfour Doesn't freeze on my pantech burst.
lenfour ratingone Love the new update.
lenseven ratingone Do somethin fast and fix da issue!
lensix ratingone No stars for u guys, today...
lenfourteen ratingone Why not scratch this entire app and design a new one that actually works.
lenseven ratingfour This wasnt this way before the update!
leneighteen ratingthree I was so excited when the newest update came up because I thought it would fix the problem.
lenfour ratingfour No idea what happened...
lenthree ratingfour Sharing is awesome
lentwelve ratingone I like that I can use the app for about ten minutes.
lenfour ratingone I hate this update.
lenfourteen ratingthree There seems to be a lot of reviews on how bad the updates are
lennine ratingfour I seriously can't believe it's this smooth!
lensix ratingfour You should definitely fix it soon.
lensix ratingthree Its been alot better since update!
leneleven ratingthree still d andriod app is really missing lot of interesting feature..
lenseven ratingone There is nothing wrong with my phone.
lenfourteen ratingone I Cant send pictures threw messages and it always says network error it sucks.
lenfourteen ratingone My I phone version was way better this don't even deserve a rate!
lenthirteen ratingtwo Only works for like 2 minutes before messing up the rest of the day!
lentwo ratingone 12-20-12 update sucks!
lenthirteen ratingone All functionality seems to be here,  including deleting posts,  sharing,  seeing online contacts.
lensixteen ratingone Needs to be fixed but don't rush it, take your time and fix it correctly.
lensix ratingtwo im better off browsing thru chrome.
lenseven ratingone Seriously, the last update was before christmas!
lensix ratingfour Its cool,jus needs to update.
lentwo ratingone terrible update.
lenseven ratingone Worked just fine until the last update!
lenten ratingtwo The only thing i can do is write a comment.
leneight ratingtwo It was fine before, stop updating without improving.
lensix ratingfour Only one request for next updat .
lenseven ratingfour It only thing missing in this app .
lensix ratingone This is the worst version ever.
lenfive ratingone Im using the samsung galaxy s3.
lennine ratingone Since then i cant get fb to work properly.
lentwenty ratingthree Still alot of work needs to be done but all In all it's looking like a great FB Application.
lenfive ratingone This app is a disgrace!
lensix ratingone I use the mobile website instead.
lenfour ratingone Easily worst app available.
lenfive ratingtwo Worked great till last update.
lenthree ratingone New facebook sucks:/
lenfour ratingone Are you serious Faceboo?
lensix ratingone to take my phone into service.
leneight ratingthree Needs a lot of work done too Facebook
lentwentyfour ratingfour Would rate 5 stars but always room for improvement,great game to play especially with fam in different states a way to do something together.
lenfour ratingfour I love this application
lennine ratingone I'm begging you to pretty please fix this.
lenthree ratingone I need FB.
lenfifteen ratingone I run a lost and found pets page that has over a thousand people joined.
lensix ratingone Have to resort to web version.
lenfour ratingone So sorry I updated.
leneight ratingone I wish I could go back an update.
lenfive ratingone You ruined my facebook app!
lentwelve ratingone I thought uninstalling the app and downloading it again would maybe help.
lenten ratingone Please correct the problems associated with the most recent update.
lenseven ratingone Just revert back to the old version.
lenseven ratingone Have reinstalled 3 times and still having problems.
lenfive ratingone The old version was fine!
lenfour ratingone I've installed, reinstalled.
lennine ratingone On the beginig this app was perfect,now worst.
lenthirteen ratingtwo Wish I could go back to the previous version Liked items unlike themselves.
lenfourteen ratingtwo Why update in the first place,  if it ain't broke dont fix it.
lenfour ratingone The worst update ever.
lensix ratingone hope you ll fix it asap!!
lenseven ratingone and a lot of features working bad.
lenfive ratingtwo Deleted and reinstalled several times.
lennine ratingone The iphone app keeps getting better treatment than Android.
lenseven ratingfour :-)  :-D a smile says more dan words.
lentwentyfive ratingone Originally  reviewed when first released and scored one star and here we are a few years later and several devices later and still one star!
lenfour ratingone Latest update is appaulling.
lenseven ratingone I'm tired of this app ughh!!
lenseven ratingone This new Facebook update sucks really badly
lenseven ratingone won't work on my LGoptimus tablet
leneleven ratingtwo Every update makes the app more worst then what it is.
lensix ratingtwo Bring back the the previous version!!
lenfour ratingfour Must for FB user.
lentwentyfour ratingone If you have the regular Facebook on your device and its asking you to update, please don't it because you will regret it.
lenten ratingone This new Facebook app is the worse I ever used.
lentwo ratingthree Super app.
lentwelve ratingthree Please fix this problem else suuggest me ways to rectify this error.
leneleven ratingone I am ready to delete FB from my phone all together.
leneight ratingone How many complaints must you recieve before updating??
lennine ratingone I am close to uninstalling & going back to Friendcaster.
lensix ratingone not a hard desicion to make!
lentwelve ratingone Prefer to use a browser to check my Facebook than this aspp.
leneleven ratingone Please in next update fix these problems, and you'll get 5stars!!
lenfive ratingone Hot, steaming pile of trash!
lenthirteen ratingone Used to work really well, has gotten progressively worse with each alleged update.
lentwo ratingfour Fb updated
lenfour ratingone Wish I never updated!!
lensixteen ratingthree An official app is always perfect but i have a problem to share with the developers.
leneleven ratingfour Its ok no were near as good as the iphone 1 though
lenfive ratingtwo FIRE WHOEVER JACKED IT UP!!
lenthree ratingone Sucks so bad!!
lentwentyone ratingone There are many things I could tell you about why this is such an awful app, but many are already addressed.
lenthirteen ratingone Thus this app was deleted not more than 2 days after it was downloaded.
lenthirteen ratingone No other app has this issue and you are a billion dollar company.
leneight ratingone This app gets worse more it gets updated.
lentwelve ratingone Waiting for the next update to see if it has been fixed.
lenfive ratingone sent from my xperia neoL
lenfive ratingone I have a samsung galaxy.
lensix ratingone Facebook, you've done it again.
lentwenty ratingfour Hauwei This app is a piece of crap it wont even work anymore, I used to love it, PLEASE FIX!!
lenfifteen ratingthree The update fixed A LOT of the reasons I initially gave the app one star.
lensix ratingthree Outstanding work on the new version.
lenseven ratingfour Facebook add me kira so fn badd
lensix ratingone Everytime you update something is wrong !
leneight ratingone Everything was fine until the most recent update.
lennine ratingfour I logout of my FB every once in awhile.
leneleven ratingone Okay ever since the update this stupid thing does not work.
lenfour ratingone What's happened recently?
lenfour ratingfour good app try this
lensix ratingtwo App gets worse with every update!
lentwelve ratingtwo I just went with the factory version that came with my phone!
lenfour ratingone Like to git dis $h1t.
lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.
lenten ratingone okay seriously can you guys just leave well enough alone?
lentwelve ratingtwo but other than that i like the app and it works fine.
lennine ratingone Last version was way better than the new one.
lenfive ratingone Cant do anything i like.
lenthree ratingone Worst update ever.
leneighteen ratingone I literally have to use my browser and go on Facebook to do any of these simple things!
lenseven ratingone It's just a little bit ridiculous.
lentwelve ratingthree The speed is better, but it's still has to many errors.
lenthree ratingone New version sucks
lenfifteen ratingone It's getting to the point where all these updates are actually hurting the app.
lennineteen ratingtwo Shows what it pleases, when it pleases, and takes very little notice of what you ask it to do.
lentwo ratingfour Nice application......
lenfive ratingtwo So good bye for awhile.
lensix ratingone The Facebook app is truly rubbish.
lentwo ratingone Totally useless!
lensix ratingfour Have to turn on laptop everytime....
leneight ratingone I am not happy with this latest version.
lennine ratingone Much easier to go on facebook with my browser.
lentwelve ratingthree Tweeter application is much better to load ans save the data syncronisation.
lentwentytwo ratingone are you sure that you aren't part of Microsoft as this is the kind of shambolic update they would send out.
leneight ratingfour Good lets me talk to my friend so
lentwo ratingthree Getting better.
lenthree ratingfour Update is brilliant..
lenfourteen ratingtwo I really wish I could uninstall this update because of how much it sucks.
lenten ratingtwo Please either fix this or get rid of the update.
lensix ratingfour This is ma fav app eva
leneight ratingone garbage, and why does it say "TOP DEVELOPER"?!
lentwelve ratingfour Great way to keep in touch with people all over the globe
lensix ratingfour The new message chat is great!!
lenthirteen ratingfour I would say it gives superv interface layer out which is too good.
lensix ratingfour Do this n ill rate 5 stars
lenfive ratingfour The android app is awesome
leneleven ratingone I actually waited a year since i last downloaded this app.
lenthree ratingone Its worse somehow.
lentwo ratingone Facebook SUCKS!
leneleven ratingone Shittiest app ever if I could I would give it -5 stars.
lenten ratingfour I don't see any problems with the latest update.
leneleven ratingfour Seems to be a lot quicker and like the new layout.
lentwo ratingone Super annoying.
lenfive ratingone This app really is sh**
lenten ratingtwo The Facebook app is not consistent with desktop's formula.
lentwelve ratingtwo As a developer,  they really need to test these updates before releasing.
leneight ratingtwo Stop fixing it if it's not broken.
leneight ratingfour Simple and it has all the important functions.
leneight ratingone This app was fantastic before the last update
lenseven ratingthree Not all that bad it is nice
leneight ratingone Use the browser version or a 3rd party app
lennine ratingtwo Good app but I've chosen to unistall vs.
lensix ratingone I completly unhappy with this app.
leneight ratingone Terrible and it needs fixing bad and fast.
lentwelve ratingone I just use a book mark now much easier and actually works.
lenfive ratingfour The updates are always terrible.
lennineteen ratingfour Instead of moving the gui around a thousand times, how about you work on how the actual app runs.
lenfour ratingthree I choose second update..
lensixteen ratingone I get million updates for the app and not one has improved it what so ever...
leneleven ratingone This is the most unfriendly app I have on my note 10.1.
lenten ratingone After every update, its still has alot of technical issues.
leneight ratingone Pooooor  trust mr dont download its a junk
lenten ratingthree Yes I have full bars for 4G or a WiFi connection.
lennine ratingfour Pix load faster & love ability to Share friends posts.
lenseven ratingfour For eg-view photos,profiles,videos etc.
lenfive ratingfour Edit: best update for far.
leneight ratingfour But this new update for android is amazing.
lenfive ratingone Comments and images load quick.
lenseven ratingone I like the little pop up windows.
lensix ratingthree Yup it's worth a short
lenthree ratingone Need more improvements..
lentwentyone ratingfour I had entirely given up on the app, then I heard about the rewrite and opted to give it a try.
lentwo ratingfour Super fast.
leneight ratingfour Fly outs are cool and don't lag.
lenseven ratingthree Work on that and 5 stars all day
lenfour ratingfour Otherwise it's fine.
leneight ratingfour The new update made it pretty much perfect
leneleven ratingone Don't u test these "updates" before u sent them out?
leneleven ratingone It would b nice if u worked out the bugs first....
leneight ratingone If I could give zero stars I would.
lennine ratingone This would be the 3rd time I installed this soon.
lensix ratingone getting tired of uninstalling then installing.
lenfour ratingone This update is bad..
lenfive ratingone Das ofensiv, im teling Fuckerbrug.
lentwo ratingfour Finally native!!!
leneighteen ratingone Giving one star because I think this is the worst app facebook has came out with so far.
lenfive ratingone Very unhappy with this app.
lennine ratingfour wonderful update, you have done all what was needed.
lenfourteen ratingone I think its going to work better with every uodate and its worse everytime!!!!!
lennine ratingfour Meet to ur friends tho see r very far
leneleven ratingone Was ok until i updated this app and now its useless.
lenthirteen ratingtwo I have to shut down and restart Facebook to get it working again.
leneight ratingtwo But browser and other internet apps work fine.
lenfive ratingfour Go ahead and download it!
lenthree ratingone The worst update!!!!
lensix ratingfour This is an most wonderful app
lenseven ratingthree If i select it i want it!
leneight ratingthree Overall newest update has helped with other issues.
lenthirteen ratingone Ok this update is cool and fast but what about the crashing problem!!
lenthree ratingone Worse facebook app :(
lenthree ratingfour More user friendly
leneleven ratingone Why change something that was working cone on FB fix it.
lentwentyfive ratingfour Keeps getting sooo close to 5 stars as soon as something I would like becomes integrated and the app gets updated, I feel I lose something.
leneight ratingfour Fix that back and it'll be 5 stars!
lentwentynine ratingone With this new update, it's not updating on its own, have to access the app every time to update it, silly update,has gone from bad to worse :@
lenfive ratingtwo Makes fb a bad expirience!
lentwentytwo ratingone with every update it gets worse do a down date back to the start of the year when this app actually worked
lenseven ratingone this new updates given a hard time.
lenten ratingone New updates are crap and almost nothing works properly anymore.
lenthirteen ratingthree I'll save the programmers the trouble and shoot myself in the head.
leneight ratingthree Don't download this, go for something else.
lenthree ratingthree Flipboard is better.  :-\
lenseventeen ratingtwo The new update is bullshit, the app was worth 4 stars in my oppinoin before the new update.
lentwo ratingone Bad update
lenseven ratingtwo Can u guys pls fix this ASAP?
lenten ratingtwo It's years  behind  in ui design compared with competition.
lenfive ratingtwo Same performance not much improvement.
lenseven ratingone Uninstalled and re-installed with no change.
lenten ratingone FB app dev : Don't fix what's not broken.
lentwo ratingone HORRIBLE APP..
leneight ratingone DON'T  WAIST YOUR TIME OR DATA DOWNLOADING !
lensix ratingone Why is Facebook still like this?
lenfive ratingfour Im thinking about deleting this
lentwentynine ratingone I've reached the point where I'm so frustrated with what is essentially a nonfunctional app that I'm almost ready to permanently remove it from my phone.
leneleven ratingone Too much "new" stuff on the app, not enough bug fixes.
lensix ratingfour hopeless new update is very poor
lennine ratingone Is Facebook scripts and aps written by 9 year olds?
lentwo ratingone Bravo Facebook.
lentwelve ratingone It is very sad to say that cant even update fb now.
lenthree ratingone All previous sucked.
lenseven ratingone Am really depressed by the fb makers.
lenfour ratingfour I like the facebook
lenfour ratingone It's taking ages
lenthirteen ratingfour I have not had any problems with this app and I LOVE it!
lenseven ratingone And the stupid updates makes it worse :(
lensix ratingone This Update was a total disaster!
lentwenty ratingone What the hell is going on here now, its all gone belly up it's freaking laughable just awfull EXPERIENCE.
leneight ratingfour Pictures load seamlessly when clicked and also profiles.
lennine ratingone try to make at least one basic feature work.
lenten ratingfour I've  a trouble when i want to update it ;)
lenthree ratingone Worst upgrade ever.
lenseven ratingone Fire all your engineers because they suck.
leneight ratingtwo Annoying to say the least, and borderline broken.
lenseven ratingfour Very good one Thnx for the update
lenten ratingfour Its a great way to stay incontact with love ones.
lenthree ratingone Worst update ever...
lentwelve ratingone Im deleting the app and just using my web browser for fb.
leneight ratingone Whatever the update did screwed it all up.
leneight ratingone Will never download again until issues are handled
lentwo ratingone Terrible App!!!!
leneight ratingone Such a bullshit app from a big company.
lennine ratingone Please do something before I kill an innocent ant.
lensix ratingone Why dose bacon taste so good?
lentwentyone ratingone I guess you guys were upset that the last version was overall your best version, so you effed up the update..
lenfive ratingone Beginning to hate this app.
leneight ratingtwo That was one thing better than iPhone app!!
lenfive ratingone Each update causes more problems.
lenfive ratingfour Oh yah this amazing program
lenfive ratingone This is very bad app
lenfourteen ratingfour Love it love the lay out the new settings so much faster good job
leneight ratingfour Its ok but not too good to appreciate..
lenthree ratingone No bloody impressed.
lenfive ratingone Nd I have full service !!
lentwo ratingtwo Terribly glitchy.
leneight ratingone My fb has never been suckier than now.
lensixteen ratingone Facebook app always a problem on Android you think Facebook would figure this out by now.
lenten ratingone There's no problem wih my phone or interent connection.
leneighteen ratingone I never had any problems with the app until the update and I would think twice before updating!
lenthree ratingone Worst app ever!!!!!!
lenfour ratingfour Besides that works great
lenfive ratingone This new update is horrible...
lenseven ratingone I'm about to delete my account!!
lenseven ratingfour Love it as it gives fastest connectivity ...
leneight ratingone This Facebook app really needs alot if work.
leneleven ratingfour I will give five stars if the keep improving the app
lenthirteen ratingone why don't you try it yourself before you make the update available???
leneight ratingfour This is how I talk to my Niggia
lentwo ratingfour Excellent app
lenfourteen ratingfour I didn't find it as bad, its quite well functional in my xperia x10
lenseven ratingthree Its getting better since the last updated..
lenfive ratingone Was okay before the update.
lenfifteen ratingfour After the last update it has become fast and more easy to comment and like
lensix ratingfour Work much more better than before
lensix ratingtwo the update really is so poor..
lentwelve ratingtwo but on the other hand it is faster than the old version.
lensix ratingthree Fast loading is the best improvement.
leneleven ratingone Facebook is one of the most popular parts of modern America.
lennine ratingone How the Hell is this the worst app EVER?!?!?
lenfifteen ratingthree I have a Droid, so I don't know if iPhone users can do it.
lennine ratingone This update is worse than the already glitchy ap.
lensix ratingone Wish I could give minus stars
lenfive ratingfour Now is bag problem Facebook
lenfive ratingthree Seems quicker and more stable
lenfive ratingfour help share with friends easyer
leneleven ratingone wish I stuck with the old verson which was running fine.
lenseven ratingone nothink seems to work on this update
lensix ratingone Most popular site has worst app.
leneleven ratingtwo The new Facebook update is terrible (worse than the mobile site)!
lenseventeen ratingtwo They have taken out some of the good things that used to be in the previous updates;
lenseven ratingtwo Please add more on the next update.
lenfifteen ratingfour Updates do a bare minimum, or nothing at all, fixing none of the main problems.
lentwo ratingfour Absolutelly 5 stars.
lenten ratingthree It seems to work good now we'll see tho
lenfive ratingone This happened after the update.